their special qualities and talents
the values of the Girl Scout Law
their special qualities and values of their families



with their families on a healthy-living activity
with their communities to increase healthy-living opportunities


identify a community place where they can Take Action

improve their world by carrying out their Take Action Project


This is the master lock that needs all three of their keys in order to open. Through this award, the Brownies come to see that, together, their three keys - Discover, Connect, and Take Action - unlock the meaning of leadership.




This first award encourages girls to become aware of the many ways they use and enjoy water. As they begin to understand the science of water and its importance in the world, they will also make a personal commitment to protect it.
Show two things they know and love about water
Make and carry out one personal promise that protects water.


The second award is earned when the Brownies team up and speak up as advocates to protect water or keep it clean in their community. By making an effort that moves beyond themselves, the girls begin to realize the impact that group efforts can produce.


Girls earn the third award as they create an even bigger ripple by sharing their efforts for water with others, educating and inspiring them to join in, and asking them to commit to a water promise.


Girls culminate their journey by earning the WOW! Award, a grand finale that symbolizes the powerful change they've brought to their community. The earn the award by showing proof of their SHARE Water efforts, and by describing how their efforts relate to the Gil Scout Law and how they have had an impact as leaders.





"What it means for Brownies: They see that stories hold clues for how to better the world.
How Brownies earn it: By finding a clue in a story that represents a change they can make in their world."


"What it means for Brownies: They realize they have the power to change things for the better.
How Brownies earn it: They act on a clue to change things for the better for girls in their world."


"What it means for Brownies: They have the confidence and knowledge to educate and inspire others.
How Brownies earn it: They teach others about the change they created in their community and inspire their audience to support the change, too."


"What it means for Brownies: They understand that they belong to a large and far-reaching world of girls.
How Brownies earn it: They use creative expression (of their choice) to show what it means to them to be part of a larger world of girls."


