Find a worthwhile subject for your ## Think of your website as a living thing-with moving parts, a heart, and a voice. Make frequent updates with new content to keep your site lively and charged with positive, vital energy. And remember, anything you post online is available to the world, so use common sense and be careful about your choices. When in doubt, don't. Choose one of these, or another creative, useful idea that inspires you. $$
The adventures of you and your ## friends on a Girl Scout Leadership Journey or your progress on a Girl Scout Gold Award. Craft a blog or website chronicling your progress as you strive for your Gold Award. Your website will document your goals and achievements so family and friends can stay updated and cheer you on. $$
A place you volunteer at ## Almost every organization could benefit from an official website. A thoughtfully crafted, informative site explaining the passions and goals of the organization could really help bolster the cause! Before you start, talk to the organization about your project, and find out what would be most beneficial for both of you. $$
An extracurricular group or hobby ## Fill the world in on something you are passionate about. Turn band practice into a photo journal. Keep a blog about your horseback-riding lessons: which horse you rode, what skill you practiced, etc. Maybe your sports team needs a website, or you'd like to document your life on the team from a personal perspective? If you are a camp or outdoor enthusiast, share that. $$
Be the host with the most ## Now that you know what your site is about, figure out where it will live. You have lots of site-hosting options. Free sites are handy and easy. Paid sites offer more content storage space and may be free of ads (always get permission from an adult before buying anything online). Building your own site takes a lot of expertise, but gives you freedom to make it whatever you want it to be. $$
Research free services online and ## review the pros and cons. Doing a little homework before deciding on a free hosting site will help you choose one that fits your needs. Visiting sites and finding out about things like bandwidth and storage space can help you make the right choice. Talking to friends about their experiences is also a great research strategy. $$
Get opinions from bloggers/sites you like ## Many bloggers welcome comments and feedback, and list their contact e-mail addresses on their sites. Similarly, a website's "Contact Us" section can help you track down someone to answer your questions. Contact a blogger or a Webmaster on a website you like to find out which hosting sites they've tried and why they like the one they now use. $$
Teach yourself to build a site from ## scratch. Create something that is truly your own! Check out books about website building, take an online course, or network to get tips from family members or your computer teacher at school. It's a lot of work, but you can use what you learn to help others build amazing websites and blogs! (Get a parent's permission before signing up for classes, especially since many require a fee.) $$
Build a blueprint ## A website's blueprint is its foundation-it maps out how it's organized and navigated, which page you "land" on, and how you link pages together. Constructing a solid blueprint takes planning and research. Start by looking at sites with themes similar to yours to find the right structure and get tips for sections to include. $$
Find a mentor ## Use the power of networking to find a Webmaster or blogger willing to teach you the basics of website building. This may be another girl who has built her own site, a knowledgeable neighbor, or the person in charge of the computer lab at the library. $$
Take a class ## Check your local community center, library, or community college for a beginner's Web programming class to help you learn the basics of creating a site blueprint. $$
Meet up ## Arrange a gathering of others who are passionate about your site's topic to discuss its needs and requirements. These decisions will be important in hashing out the "wireframe" (the skeleton) for your site and making sure the basic parts are thought out and accounted for so you can start building! $$
Create must-see content ## Now is the time for a vital decision-what will be the main attraction on your site when you launch? Choose one of these, and create your content in this step. $$$
Blog posts ## If your site will mainly serve as a blog, write a few posts before going live. A blog with five or so thought-provoking pieces is more engaging than a blog with one lonely post. With several topics to browse, readers are more likely to share your blog with others and be eager to come back for more. $$
A knockout lead story ## Start building a solid readership right away with an attention-grabbing centerpieces that steals the spotlight when you launch your site. Give it the works-add photos, an exclusive video clip, or compose an article that includes interviews with fun and relevant quotes. $$
Start with a compelling photo gallery ## with captions. A picture is worth a thousand words, so why not grab your camera and tell a visual tale? Add captions to draw the pieces together. You'll delight readers with the photo feast, and get a reputation for versatile storytelling that will keep them coming back. $$
Go live - then drive! ## Going live is only the first step of launching your site. After that, you need to find ways to drive traffic to your pages and create a loyal readership. Use one of these tactics to keep your site updated for at least one month. $$
Go social ## Use your social network to help spread the word. Link your blog posts to your social networking account, and let your friends know when there's something new and exciting on your site to read and share! $$
Throw a launch party ## There's nothing wrong with generating a little hype! Invite friends, fellow Girl Scouts, teachers, people who helped you, and perhaps even the local press to your party, then include full details and photos on your site.
TIP: E-mailing a party profile link to the people involved will help drum up readership and give you a solid reputation. $$
Link up ## Build a network. Start by adding links to sites similar to yours, then contact those sites and request a link to your site in return. (Remember safety guidelines!) Linking to other sites is key for showing up in Internet searches. Adding hyperlinks within your stories also attracts readers. For example, if you write about your favorite ice-cream shop, include a link to its website-that will help drive traffic to both the shop's site and yours. $$
Investigate the tests that help ## women stay healthy. Screenings are medical tests that can spot problems before they turn into something serious. For instance, you might have your blood pressure checked to test for general health, a mammogram to test for breast cancer, or a Pap smear to test for STDs and cervical cancer. Become familiar with the tests that are available for women to help us manage our good health throughout our lives. $$
Find five steps to good health ## and prevention. Who should get a flu shot? Why does a high cholesterol level put someone at risk for diabetes? How is skin cancer preventable? You might focus on one part of your body, such as your heart, skin, or bones, and recommend the proper nutrition, exercise, and screenings to take care of it. $$
Speak with a health professional ## Invite one to speak to your group, or go to a clinic or office to discuss tests and procedures that are important for women's health. Prepare some questions in advance. $$
Create a women's health poster or ## brochure. In it, include a chart showing all the procedures and tests you will need from puberty through menopause. What is involved with each procedure? At what age should girls start having each of them? How often? What are the benefits of each test? $$
Find out how fads you beauty ## practices impact health. Fads generally fit into one of three categories. In the first category are things we do to our internal systems, including diets and eating fads. In the second category are things we do cosmetically, such as cosmetic surgery, tattoos, manicures, piercings, hair dye, wearing contacts, tanning, etc. The third category is habits: smoking, using drugs, drinking alcohol, wearing high heels, carrying heavy purses and backpacks, using portable listening devices, or not wearing protective sports equipment. Pick one issue in any of the three categories, then do one of the choices below. $$
Interview a medical expert about a ## health or beauty fad. This might be a foot specialist who can share the problems brought on by wearing high heels or a skin doctor who can talk about infections from tattoos, piercings, or manicures and pedicures. Or the expert could be a hearing specialist with info on dangerous decibel levels. Find out how prevalent the problems are and what you can do to protect yourself. $$
Follow a fad through time ## Trace stories, evidence, and statistics about one fad over a period of at least 20 years. Try to speak to someone with personal experience. Was that person offered any warnings about possible complications or infections? What impact does the experience have on their life today? Take time to understand the long-term effects of the activity. $$
Explore fads and beauty in other ## places. Other cultures have different views on beauty and health issues, such as weight, tattoos, piercings, and more. Gather images of women from other places-from international magazines, online, or in books-and make a beauty collage to compare the different outward expressions of beauty. How have those images of beauty impacted the culture where you live? what do you find beautiful? What makes the women in your life beautiful? You could include images from your own life as well. $$
Focus on techniques to help you ## stay emotionally healthy. How you feel mentally impacts how you feel physically. Emotional conditions, such as stress and anxiety, can lead to alcohol or drug abuse, dangers eating habits, and erratic sleep cycles, all of which can lead to physical problems. Paying attention to your emotional health is as important as overseeing your physical health, and this will be true throughout your lifetime. $$
Get to know your moods ## For two weeks, record your mood levels three times a day. At the end of each day, read them over, and then make notes: What do you think triggered each strong emotion? Did you get enough sleep? Did you exercise? Where are you in your menstrual cycle? See if you find any specific pattern to your moods. Then find three recommendations from a reliable health source on healthy ways to lift your mood. (You might try the Truth Seeker badge to help you determine the reliability of information!) $$
"Explore healthy relationships ## All our relationships affect our health-those with friends, family, romantic partners, mentors, peers at large. Knowing the research can provide helpful ideas and tips for our own lives. Find three studies that offer some insight into relationships. For instance, some studies have found that close friendships can lengthen our life spans, that abusive relationships erode our health, and that a good marriage makes us happier. Other ideas you might look into include: 
•What are the differences between how men and women communicate?
•Is there such a thing as a healthy breakup?
•How can we choose our friends and relationships to increase our happiness?
•How does family life fit into mental health?" $$
Explore a psychological topic ## Interview a medical expert or read three or more articles about a topic you're interested in: perhaps depression, teen suicide, eating disorders, anxiety, or schizophrenia. Find out the causes, how widespread the issue is, and what treatments exist. Do more women than men suffer from it? If so, why might this be-and does the issue have a greater impact on younger or older women? Are there prevention measures available?$$
Take a closer look at a women's ## health issue. Choose a health issue that resonates with you, and explore its impact on girls and women. Perhaps it's something that has affected someone in your own family or another woman close to you. Perhaps it's something you discovered in one of the previous steps and want to look at through a different lens. (The boxes on page 6 and 7 also have some ideas.) In this step, check into causes, consequences, and possible preventative measures and treatments. $$
Take a global look at the issue ## In what country/region is the health issue most commonly found? Is it available? How? What health support do women in that area have access to? What can be done to help? $$
Take a look at the issue ## Find out the statistics for the issue in your area. Talk to a local health care professional to explore the impact on your community. Are there any protective measures or awareness campaigns in place? $$
Take a close-up look at the issue ## Interview a medical expert or someone with firsthand experience. It might be a cancer survivor, a woman who has been treated for severe PMS, or a cardiologist who treats women. If appropriate, ask about diagnosis and treatments: What were the symptoms? What tests were taken? How was the patient treated? Can this issue be prevented? $$
Get the word out on a women's ## health topic. Focus on one area you learned about, and inform people in your community and the women in your life. Get creative! Use one of these choices to help you frame your message. $$
Design a public service ## announcement or presentation. Use your audio/visual skills to create a video, presentation, or Web slide show about your topic. Post it online or e-mail it to friends, or present it to one of your classes or at a place of worship, a library, or a community center. You might tie your topic into an awareness event, such as National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Prematurity Awareness Month, or World AIDS Day. $$
Hold a women's health forum ## Invite a panel of professionals in health and wellness to present facts and answer questions about the topic you chose. Use what you've learned to assemble the appropriate panel and help make the information the most relevant it can be for your audience-whether it's your Girl Scout group, other female friends and peers, or a group of women in your community. $$
Design a prevention program ## Focus on one women's health issue and come up with a program that includes exercise, diet, and other prevention tips. Share it as a brochure, website, exhibit/poster display, or slide presentation. $$
Pick your performace style ## Pick a format that excites you. Do you want your team to perform a Broadway musical or a Shakespearean drama? A modern dance routine? A song-and-dance variety show? Choose something that inspires you and your group, and it will inspire your audience. $$
Get inspired by a live performance ## Check out listings for shows in your area and attend one with your team. Afterward, compare notes. What worked fabulously? What didn't? Compile a list of ideas from the performance you'd like to use in your own show. $$
Interview a producer, director ## performer, or performing arts teacher. Find out what advice and inspiration they can offer. Take questions and ideas so you can brainstorm with the expert and your team and make the most of your session. $$
"Watch three shows and be the critic ##  Write a short review of each show to discuss with your team. Or watch the shows together. Take your own notes, and compile your thoughts into group critiques. This will help you figure out what inspires you about a performance-and what doesn't-which is good to know when you're putting together your own!
Tip: Check out performance reviews in various media to see how professional critiques are put together." $$
Find and develop material ## What do you need for your show? A script? Dance moves? Songs? By the end of this step, you'll know what you're performing and who's doing what. When casting, be sensitive to your team's needs-you might decide to have more than one performance so everyone can try more than one role. that's the best way to understand how to put on a show! $$
Choose an existing show or ## combination of poems or songs. Material in the public domain is a great place to start. If you use a script from a well-known play, there may be royalties associated with a performance. Ask for help from a drama teacher or local expert to make sure you follow requirements for any copyrighted material (see sidebar). $$
Give old material a new twist! ## Wish Rome and Juliet had a different ending? Do you think Dorothy would have more fun in Oz if she danced hip-hop down the yellow brick road? Could you make The Nutcracker into a poetry jam? Add a new twist to an existing story-but be sure the material is in the public domain. $$
"Create your own ## The easiest way to avoid stepping on any creative or copyrighted toes is to make up your show yourself. That's a challenge-and a super fun one. What talents does your team have that you could use? Could everyone create a piece of the show? Whom could you call on for help?
Tip: Before you get to step 3, you'll need to decide who gets which roles.  You might draw parts from a hat, vote on a director together and let her assign roles, or find an independent reviewer to audition for (like a drama teacher or Girl Scout volunteer)." $$
Rehearse! ## Your team will need to practice at least once. If you need to do staging, blocking, or memorization, you'll want to rehearse more. Make a schedule that works for your group. Choose one of the following to prepare, get the most out of your time together, and enhance your team's skills. $$
Dig into the nitty-gritty of moving ## performers around the stage. Bring in (or interview) someone with serious stage experience: a director, actor, or choreographer (any older Girl Scouts you could ask?). You might ask a performer in a different genre than your show. Could a comedian help with comic timing in a dance? Or a dancer help poetry jammers use their bodies effectively? $$
Get behind the scenes ## What happens offstage is just as important as what happens on-sometimes more so! Get advice on who can do what and how from a prop master, stagehand, sound technician, lighting pro, or other person with backstage knowledge. $$
"Get tips on team motivation ## If you're set with blocking-planning when, how, and where actors move around the stage-and backstage organization, talk to someone who can share tips on getting the most out of your time together, working as a team, and staying motivated. This might be a producer, athletic coach, business leader, or anyone with experience getting a group into a great groove.
Tip: Food unites-bring snacks! When everyone's got energy, everything's likely to go more smoothly. (And, of course, be more delicious.)" $$
Launch your performance ## Every performance needs an audience! While you're rehearsing, you'll also want to get the word out about your show. Try your hand at public relations in one of these ways (and feel free to approach a pro for help!). $$
"Create a poster to promote your ## performance. Posters are an effective way to market your performance. Here are some tips for creating an impressive poster:
  •Keep the design simple and enticing.
  •The text is the most important element. Make sure your an read the title from a distance.
  •Use a plain, bright background with readable text.
  •Make sure all relevant information is included: performance name, location, date, and time.
  •Get permission from places you want to post it.
    " $$
Create a press kit ## Press kits are folders for the media with information to help them promote your show. Yours might include a press release with the when and where of your show, why people should come, and bios and photos of the performers. Request sample press kits from other performance groups or from a public relations pro, and ask for advice on where to send yours (newspapers, bloggers, etc). $$
"Make a video trailer or radio ## commercial. What better way to get people excited about your show than letting them see or hear part of it? Put together a short trailer to share via YouTube, e-mail blasts, or at a special screening-or make a radio commercial for your local station or school station.
Tip: Recruit friends and family to help with promotion!" $$
Put on your show ## After all your hard work, put on your show-and take a bow! Celebrate and commemorate in one of these ways to make the most of the experience and build on your performance expertise. $$
"Host a cast party or an after-part ## to celebrate. Take a moment to talk about what went great and what you would change next time.
Tip: Tape your session so you can watch or listen to it later-you'll likely be too gleeful and tired to take notes!" $$
Videotape your show and screen it ## soon after. Show the video to your team or members of the audience. Give each other notes, or have the audience give you notes and constructive comments-and congratulations! $$
Take photos and create a record ## of what went on. Then you can post the photos online, frame them as special thank-you gifts, or create a fun slide show to share. $$

If you've ever looked at beauty-product labels, you've noticed a long list of chemical or natural ingredients. Most products are created in a lab by cosmetic chemists, technicians, and analysts, who devise and test the formulas. In this step, get a little closer to the process (and try it yourself).
Interview a dermatologist or cosmetic chemist-then develop a beauty product idea. Find out some principles of skin care and skin care products. (Check out the sidebar for questions you might ask.) As you chat, think about a product you might develop. Do you want to play up a feature, go for the natural look, or create a cream that helps skin look great without makeup? Then come up with a product idea, and design an exciting logo and sample packaging. On the packaging, list the problems it would address and the key active ingredients.
"Evaluate and compare two similar beauty products from different brands. Choose one product and research what the ingredients do. For instance, sodium lauryl sulfate creates the lather in bubble bath. (Some manufacturers provide toll-free numbers that consumers can call for product information.) Then compare your product to a similar one from another brand. Try each three times and record data about them. Do the physical properties or ingredients affect product performance?
FOR MORE FUN: Compare the ingredients in an ultra-expensive brand with the two you tried. (You don't need to buy it-check online or ask someone in beauty care at a department store.)"
Make and test a homemade product. Find a skin-care or makeup recipe online-perhaps a cranberry-flavored lip balm or an oatmeal facial scrub-and make it at home. Ask your friends to rate your product, but don't let them know it's homemade. If possible, have them compare your product in a blind test against a store-bought brand. Record the results.
Examine the science behind fabrics and accessories. Inventions in fashion strive to meet our busy lifestyles and demands. As an alternative to scratchy, heavy wool, scientists came up with synthetic fleece. They also developed waterproof outerwear and no-iron shirts. Some gems are even engineered in a lab! Explore the emerging aspects of the science of fashion.
"Test sunglasses. Sunglasses are more than a fashion statement-they also block UV rays, which can damage your eyes. Many glasses claim to absorb or block UV rays, but it's not always true. First, find out what US regulations are for UV protection. Also learn about different types of lenses. Then visit an eyeglass store to compare three different-priced (affordable to expensive) sunglass brands with UV claims. Find out if they have a UV meter so you can test each pair. Did the most expensive brand offer the best UV protection? Write a sunglass recommendation to share with others.
FOR MORE FUN: Want to know how high UV-ray levels are where you live? Check ww.allaboutvision.com/uv."
"Grade a gem. Visit a jewelry expert (maybe in a retail store) or talk to a gemologist about how to identify and evaluate gemstones. Find out about the four C's-color, cut, clarity, and carat-and how hue, saturation, and tone factor into a gem's quality. Then evaluate a jewel stone, either yours or a family member's.
FOR MORE FUN: Take your stone to an appraiser to find out how on target your evaluation is."
"Get into outdoor-fashion fabrics. Go to an outdoor-clothing store or check online for information about outdoor fabrics. Find the best layering materials for cold and hot weather. What are the properties in waterproof and thermal fabrics? How are fibers designed to draw moisture to the surface of garments? Then design the perfect outfit for three outdoor scenarios-maybe a mountain climb through several climate zones, a winter kayak adventure, and a desert hike.
FOR MORE FUN: Put your outfit to the test!"
Explore the science behind hair products and perfume. Some hair products claim to thicken hair. Others promise smoother, shinier locks. What is the scientific truth behind these claims? And do you wonder what type of scents people are attracted to and why? Get some answers in one of these activities.
"Compare ingredients in three different shampoos from the same brand. Look for shampoos with different claims like ""shine,"" ""volume,"" and ""color-stay."" Find the basic ingredients that shampoos share. Then compare the ingredients in those promising special effects, such as shine or volume. What compounds in the ingredients cause the effect? For instance, how do acids work on the hair cuticle to create shine? Then try each at least twice to see what ingredients produce a result you love.
FOR MORE FUN: Explore the principles behind cold-water rinsing to make hair shinier."
"Test hair dye. Speak to a dye expert about which chemicals are used in dyes to prevent damage to hair. How might leaving a hair dye on for too long create hair damage? At home, take a sample of five strands of hair (perhaps from your hairbrush) and submerge it in hair dye for 20 minutes. Submerge another sample for 40 minutes, and another sample for 80 minutes. Wash and dry the samples in distilled water after each process. Analyze the hair under a microscope at 100X. What are the average number of breaks for each? What can you conclude?
FOR MORE FUN: Find out how dyes vary depending on the color. What is different bout permanent, semi-permanent, and wash-out dyes?"
"Create a scent. There are many ways to make your own scent. Here's one: Remove the stem from a flower you like, combine the flower with odorless oil, and let sit for a few weeks-or find a flower's essential oil at a store. Then pour the oil only into a perfume bottle and spritz! Test your fragrance on your friends. Ask them: What does it smell like? Is it pleasing to you? What image does it conjure up?
FOR MORE FUN: Based on your results, design a print or video ad for your perfume."
In what ways do fashion and beauty mirror our society or reflect social order? Throughout history, fashion and beauty have played significant roles in politics, psychology, and culture. Find out more.
Make a timeline of fashion trends. During World War II, Americans turned to patriotic fashion. After the Chinese Revolution, Communist leaders issued citizens dark blue uniforms. When rock and roll emerged in the 1950s, young people popularized rebellious styles, such as tight sweaters for girls and black leather jackets for boys. Put together a fashion timeline that shows how the political and social developments of the 20th century were reflected in the styles of the day. Use what you uncover to develop and sketch your vision for a future fashion trend.
Conduct a social style experiment. Photograph people you know in outfits that reflect how they normally dress. Then ask two separate groups to give you one-word impressions of each person, such as "sporty," "preppy," or "smart." For your first survey, ask people who don't know your subjects. For survey two, talk only to those who know the subjects. Next ask your subjects to describe themselves. How do all three surveys stack up? Are the impressions different? What were the common descriptions? Share you opinion on whether what you wear shows who you are.
"Host a wear-a-thon. Wear the same-or a very similar-outfit to school for one week (for instance, khaki pants and a blue sweater). You can accessorize your outfit however you want. The challenge is to learn how to make a wardrobe sustainable. Take photos of your outfits and post your findings on a blog: How did you make the same think look different each day? Did this experiment make you more aware of reuse? Were you more creative with accessorizing and how you wore your hair or makeup? What comments did you get from classmates?
FOR MORE FUN: Ask friends to join you and get creative together."
Where is style going to lead us? What will some of the digital and electrical components in the future of style? Unleash your imagination and become a part of where we might be headed.
Make something eco friendly. Create a piece of jewelry or an outfit using only recycled, reused, or compostable materials.
Create your own science-of-style project. Check out the sidebar for inspirational projects. Find out about nanotechnology in textiles and the industries it may impact: the military, aerospace, health care, skin care, and sports. Come up with one idea of what you would develop. Draw your design and write up the idea in detail.
Forecast fashion, beauty, or hair trends. Fashion forecasting is big business. Experts study manufacturers, color trends, fashion shows, global influences, and consumer appetites to predict tomorrow's looks. First, research trends in one area-fashion, makeup, or hair-by talking to experts, going on trade websites, looking at global trends, reading industry news, and studying images from major runway shows. Then share what you predict for one year from now and five years from now-it might be a sketch, digital slide show, or a fashion show.



Select a novel of at least 200 pages in a genre you might like to write in. For ideas, check out what your favorite authors are reading on an online book-based discussion site, look at reviews on literature blogs, or find the latest exciting novels on publishers' websites. Then choose the activity you think will most help you as a writer.
"Review the novel. As you read, get a sense of what appeals to you as a reader. Note passages and moments that you love (or really don't). Then write your review and share it.
FOR MORE FUN: Find other reviews of the novel and see if you agree."
Chart the plot. Chart your novel's plot to discover how authors balance action and character development. Focus on the rise and fall of the action and how the characters grow and change. You can find examples of plot charts in books about writing or online.
Read like an editor. When assessing a manuscript, editor's write a "reader's report." Imagine the novel is a manuscript, and make notes in the margins about scenes, characters, and sentences you like or don't like. Then write your report, including a plot summary, whether you think the book would sell, and whether you'd publish it.
Characters are the heart of a great novel. If you have a story concept already, keep that in mind during this step. If not, build your characters and see what happens. Many novelists start with characters, and then figure out what should happen to them-and a story idea blooms from there.
Let real people inspire your characters. Create a character profile (see page 4) for three real people-if you don't know all the answers, make your best guess. Or create a character who is a composite of three different people you know. Try exaggerating some qualities of real people to create more fascinating fictional characters.
Use your favorite novels for inspiration. Fill out profiles for three characters from a favorite novel or series of novels (choose a book besides the one you read in step 1). Use your findings to add to the personalities of your novel's characters.
Use character profiles to create a hero and a villain. Their conflict will drive your plot, so think about how their personalities interact. What drives the hero to be good? What drives the villain to be evil? And how will your story define good and evil?
The plot is a story's sequence of events. The plot draws the reader into the characters' lives and moves the story along. Use one of these activities to help you develop a plot starring your characters.
Explore character-driven and action-driven plots. Find three examples of a character-driven plot and three examples of an action-driven plot. Which do you like better or do you prefer a balance of both?
Interview a novelist or writing teacher. Ask an expert how to create a great plot. Do they suggest outlining the plot, or just starting with page one and going wherever the characters take them? Do they create a synopsis of their story before writing? Do they always know how it will end?
Read five interviews with novelists who describe creating a plot. You might find these interviews online or in magazines. How different or similar is each writer's process?
Before you delve into writing, look through your writer's notebook for ideas and inspiration. And remember, a first draft is a first draft-a time to write whatever flows from you, without judgment.
Write the first 20 pages. Create a great first scene that pulls the reader in. That usually means starting with juicy action or dialogue and saving details like hair color for later. If you get stuck, add your characters to the first scene of a book you love and see what happens.
Write important scenes. You might not know how the story begins, but you're bound to come up with at least one crucial moment-the first time characters meet, a big discovery, or a watershed event. Write 20 pages of one big scene, or five pages of four scenes - whatever makes sense and keeps you inspired.
Write the last 20 pages. Some writers swear you have to know where you'll end up before you can work out how to get there. So write that final homecoming, the end of the quest, the moment of victory-the place where the curtain will fall.
"Editing is the most essential step in writing. It gives you the chance to improve and polish your work. Even the most seasoned writers go through several drafts of revising and rewriting, and sometimes two or three more drafts after a publisher has bought their book. Editing can mean the difference between a mediocre novel and a truly great one.
Before you show your pages to anyone, give them a first-pass edit. First, put away your work for at least a day-the break will give you a chance to look at it with fresh eyes. When you're ready, print out the pages and grab a pencil. Read your work aloud. Polish your sentences. Examine your word choices. Mark any issues you find. (Would your character really say that? Does the timeline make sense?)"
"Share your pages with two people. Once you've revised, show your work to a friend, a teacher, or anyone else who'll give you constructive feedback. Getting two opinions can reveal what's an issue for every reader versus what's particular to one person.
FOR MORE FUN: Review their ideas and keep editing."
Use a critique group. Find a writing group, either through school, online, or by starting your own. Share your pages for feedback and edits. An English class is a good place to find peers to critique your pages, or ask a creative-writing teacher for their thoughts.
"Ask a mentor to write you an editorial letter. Find an editor, novelist, teacher, or knowledgeable friend and ask them to write you an editorial letter (see sidebar).
FOR MORE FUN: Exchange pages with a friend working on her Novelist badge and write editorial letters for each other."




Find out about the many varieties of textiles, from intricate embroidery to colorful quilts to cozy knitted scarves.  Through this step you'll choose one textile art to learn, so decide if certain materials appeal to you more than others or if one art's history inspires you to create today.
"Look into two different textile arts from other cultures. In Mexico's Oaxacan lowlands, women weave sarongs using indigo dyed thread. Among America's Amish, women make the same graphic quilts their grandmothers did. Use these or other examples you discover and then find out how did these arts begin;  how have they changed, how do artists today add a modern twist to what they make.  
FOR MORE FUN: Try this activity from the 1980s Popular Arts badge. Look for examples of woven arts from other parts of the world. What do the colors and designs tell you about the way of life of the people?"
Interview an artist who works with textiles. You can find an artist by checking with a store that sells art materials or course catalogues at colleges or community centers. Find out how they started, what they love about their craft, and how their art has changed over the years.
"Visit an art gallery or museum with a textile exhibit. Study the different patterns, materials, and colors you see.  Do any inspire you to create a work of your own?   
FOR MORE FUN: Create a ""look book"" as you tour the exhibit.  Sketch patterns you like and add notes about each piece."
To embroider, you need to know about embroidery thread, hoops, needles, types of fabric, and the stitches you might use. Quilters use quilting hoops or frames, and knitting requires different needles and types of yarn. Get inspiration and information for one of the crafts below.
Thread based craft. Visit a fabric store and find out about needles and thread. Ask for thread samples, tape them to heavy paperboard or in a journal and label them with information about texture, weight, and color. Add information on needles and you'll have a handy reference guide to use as you learn more.
Yarn based craft. Visit a yarn or fabric store and explore types of needles and different textures, weights and colors of yarn. Make a yarn reference guide as explained in the choice above.
Quilting Project.  Visit a fabric store and explore needles, threads, fabrics, tools, and racks for quilting. Ask for fabric swatches for the reference guide as explained in the first choice.
Now that you have your materials and tools, it's time to try them out. Get started in one of these ways.
Find a Mentor. Use your networking skills and find a textile artist willing to teach you the basics-maybe another girl who has already learned the craft, a neighbor, or someone who works at a craft store.
Find a class. Check your local community center, fabric store, art center, or school to see if they offer a beginner's class in the textile art you want to learn.
Learn the basics on your own. Find out all you can by delving into books, magazines, or on line communities that specialize in your craft.
In this step, make a functional, useful item that serves an everyday purpose. Perhaps knitted mittens to keep your hands warm, a phone holder to attach to your backpack, or patchwork curtains to shade a window.
Make something to wear. Check magazines, online sites, or clothing stores for inspiration. Try making a hat or scarf, or "knit either a muffler, sweater or baby's jacket and cap" like a girl earning her Needlewoman badge in 1925 might have done.
"Create something useful for your home or meeting place. You might make a patchwork tablecloth, embroider napkins, cross-stitch a pillow cover, macramé a plant hanger, or make a quilt.
FOR MORE FUN: Make a T-shirt quilt. Use old t-shirts that meant a lot to you but that you cannot wear anymore. The memories will keep you warm in more ways than one."
Make an accessory Create a phone holder, purse or reusable tote bag.  If you want to decorate like a Girl Scout from 1947, you might add an embroidery design "suitable for a needlepoint bag."
Create a gift or item for a special occasion. Put your new crafting skills to good use and create something lovely for someone else.  You'll learn more if you make something different than what you made in step 4.
Make a gift for an anniversary, baby shower, birthday or as a Thank You. If the gift recipient loves a particular place, you might try this from the 1947 Needlecraft badge: "in cross stitch make a picture map of some familiar locale, such as your camp, community, home, or school grounds." Or you might make a special thank you for adults who help you in Girl Scouts.
Create something to mark a special occasion. For example, you might embroider napkins for a holiday or family event.
Make something to give to a  charity. You might donate a raffle prize or something for a specific need -- caps for cancer patients or blankets for homeless animals. You could create a quilt or panel for an organization that raises awareness about breast cancer or AIDS-and make it at a quilting bee with family and friends.



Assess your space and get ideas for your makeover. Do you want to give the room a theme, like "the rain forest?" If not, how will your projects coordinate? Spend two hours on one of the following, and remember, these are opportunities to build your network of coaches to guide you through the steps in the badge.
"Craft an inspiration board. Attach anything that inspires your color, texture and design ideas-fabric swatches, paint samples, photographs from magazines-to a piece of cardboard to see how they fit together.
FOR MORE FUN: Take a home tour or attend real estate open houses or furnished model homes to see how people decorate."
Shadow an interior designer or attend a decorating course. Check with a home improvements store-some offer basic interior design classes. You might explore space relationships, how to use color and lighting to set a mood, or how textures can create themes and patterns in a space.
"Look at design around the world. A design idea often has a cultural origin. Japanese sometimes sleep on tatami mats that allow a room to be a space for both gathering and sleeping. Canopies in Moroccan bedrooms were once used to keep bugs away. Examine one culture's design ideas for inspiration.
FOR MORE FUN: As girls did to earn the home badge in 1980, find out how people from a culture other than yours decorate their homes for one of the holidays. Make or demonstrate how to make one decoration or craft you have learned. "
Choose something to paint. See the sidebar (in the badge pamphlet) for tips, and ask for advice from experts and help from friends-especially if you are planning an ambitious project.
"Paint a wall. Go to a home improvement or paint store and talk to an expert about the differences between oil-based, acrylic, and water-based paints. Bring color swatches home to consider for your project. Research paint tricks on line or in design magazines. 
FOR MORE FUN: Paint a mural or trompe l'oeil."
Paint furniture. Use one of your pieces or something from a flea market or thrift shop. Older objects sometimes need special preparation before painting.  (Make sure the object was not originally painted with lead paint.) Find out when you would apply enamel, wood stains, and varnish. Decide whether to use a roller, brush or spray paint.
Paint accents. What about shelves, molding, window frames or a lamp base? Or you might want to paint a canvas to hang  that complements your room's color scheme. Before you start, research color wheels on line and find out about complementary and contrasting colors. Base your color choices on what you learn.
Look around your space and think about what you can create to help lift the environment. Find out about a community center, sewing class or a fabric store that offers sewing clinics and/or machines you can use to work on your project. Sew or glue one of the following:
Curtains for windows or to delineate new space.  For instance, you could turn an unused corner into a cozy study nook. You'll want to consider where and how you'll attach curtain rods-or devise another creative way to hang your curtains.
A table runner, decorative wall hanging, or throw rug. You might find remnants for cheap or free at a fabric store to sew together, or you could recycle old t-shirts, bedspreads, sheets and tablecloths.
A pillow cover or duvet cover. You might do an activity Girl Scouts enjoyed in recent years: invite a clothier, dressmaker, tailor or fashion design student to advise your group on stitching. While creating a personalized pillow, practice four kinds of stitches:  backstitch, blanket (also known as buttonhole), cross stitch and running stitch.
Refurbish, repurpose, repair, refinish, reupholster, -- take something you already have and make it new.
Refurbish one item. Perhaps you could:  update an old dresser by switching out the drawer pulls or changing the legs; dye or tie dye a curtain or bedspread a different color; find a metalwork expert to help you bend and wire old cutlery to drawers to use as pulls.
Repurpose one item. What about varnishing an old door to transform into a table; painting a chalkboard or dry erase paint on a door or dresser top to be used for family memos; turning old dresser drawers and bricks into a shelf.
Repair one item: You might: recane a broken chair seat or back; learn how to use wood putty to fill in gouges or holes in wood furniture and then refinish the piece; repair a broken shelf of a bookcase or a broken or stuck drawer.
Bring some flair to the room with an object that was not there before. If you'd like to bring some nature inside, use this step to build something for a plant or flowers. (Think hanging plants, floating flowers, or a wooden or metal sculpture that incorporates a planter.)
"Build something out of wood or metal. It might be a simple wooden bench or desk, a side table, a headboard, a picture frame, framed mirror, or room divider. What about a metal magazine rack, coat racks, candleholder or jewelry holder?  
FOR MORE FUN: prep and paint or finish your piece."
Build something from found items. Try a simple table from an old wagon or sled, shelves constructed from old books, or a curtain rod made out of an old ski.
Build an art piece. Maybe a vase, bowl, or planter from clay, a decorative sculpture from wood or metal or woven basket, or a window box? 



See how different news outlets and different ways of delivering information compare when it comes to accuracy and reliability.
Monitor the news. Choose a news story and follow the same story in two forms of media: newspaper, news magazine, Internet, TV or news radio. Do different outlets report the story differently? Which one provided the most in-depth coverage? Which one seemed more reliable?
Evaluate the same story on three websites. Pick a news story, a health issue, an entertainment article, or a story on the topic of your choice. Use the CARS checklist (Credibility, Accuracy, Reasonableness, Support) to evaluate each. Once you have evaluated each site, rank them in order of how much you trust them, from most to least.
Categorize sources of information. Find a magazine, newspaper, or on line source that fits each of the following categories: Substantive (verified information, often published in newspapers or news magazines); Scholarly (information from academic sources such as a medical journal or a college literature website); Popular (reflecting a consumer-based audience, such as a fashion magazine) or Sensational (arousing strong curiosity, most likely gossip-based such as a celebrity-focused magazine).  The categories may not be clear cut, so go with what makes the most sense if you were to describe the media outlet to a friend. Now figure out what is different about each of the categories. Is academic content displayed in a serious way with fewer graphics?  What are visuals like for a sensational publication? Why do different sources use different visuals and language?
Find out if people who make headlines have their facts straight. Check numbers, figures, and statistical assertions using websites like factcheck.org and politifact.com or another qualified source.
Choose an article from a political blog or a newspaper opinion page. Highlight passages with figures or statistics, or statements that are delivered as fact but might be opinion. Then check them out.
Monitor a news based or political talk show. Test the statements of the guests for accuracy.
Analyze a speech given by a public figure. Check facts and figures and note how they are used to support the speaker's views.
Search for the truth in advertising.
Know before you buy. Go to an online shopping site that sells something: clothes, shoes, a car, or even auto insurance. Read the fine print and claims the company makes about its product. Then check the library for issues of Consumer Reports to see whether the claims stand up.
Find a vintage ad in a magazine or newspaper.  Look for an ad from the 1960s, 1970s, or 1980s. Check out the Federal Trade Commission's policies in that ad's category and rewrite it in a way that the ad might run today.
Evaluate a disclaimer from an ad. A disclaimer is the "fine print" listing special qualifications-like a "not including taxes or fees" disclaimer next to a price. Find out how Federal Trade Commission policies govern the category of ad you choose. Does the ad satisfy the regulations? For a medical ad, check out the government policies about full disclosure. Did the company follow the rules? (What are the rules if the ad is televised?)
Evaluate the information you pick up every day, from all sorts of sources.
Become an investigative reader for a week. Write down interesting "facts" you hear from your circle of friends. It could be "Drinking diet sodas makes you gain weight" or "music sounds better on vinyl that on CDs." Then investigate the facts using the research tools and critical thinking you developed in the first three steps. Discuss your findings with your friends and family.
Become a super searcher. Search five websites for information about something that interests you-where to travel in China, a camping question, the best colleges in the country, etc. Separate reliable from questionable data. Did any sites seem more believable than others?  Where does the information come from? Do ads support the sites? If not, who pays for it? Discuss your recommendations with your friends and family.
Review the review. Look at promotional materials for a movie you want to see or a book you want to read.  Compare those with reviews that have been posted on websites by people who have seen the movie or read the book, and reviews by experts who write about the subject. Then see the movie or read the book, and write your own review. Share it with your friends and family.
Try your hand at communicating truthful information to others through an article, letter, blog post, or video. Be sure to cite several credible sources to bolster your points.
Send a letter to the editor. Choose an issue you care about, and write a letter to your favorite magazine, newspaper, or blog. Include your sources!
"Research and write an article. Choose an issue you care about or a topic that interests you. 
FOR MORE FUN: pitch it to a local newspaper, magazine, or other media outlet for possible publication."
Make a video or photo slide show with captions. Cover an event in your neighborhood or school that you think your friends or community should know about. Promote it through social media.



Choose your adventure activity and find a location that will offer possibilities for a trip of at least two nights. Keep your Leave No Trace principles in mind as you decide where to go. (Find them on page 2 of the Badge pamphlet.) Then choose one of the following to help you enhance your adventure.
Find out the background of your activity. If you're rock climbing, you might review past expeditions: what are popular climbs, famous climbers, the challenges they face? Is there a great adventure novel on your activity?  Or if you're rafting, look into the river-what are the different rapids on the trip and what experiences have past rafters had.
Get to know the ecology of your adventure area. Dig into the science of the place-what is the geology of your destination, what are common flora and fauna? Are there environmental issues or regulations you should be aware of? Soil erosion, common pests, pollution issues? Use this information to prepare for step 4-your outdoor service project.
Add an element. Plan an activity within your adventure. For example, if you are kayaking, find a fun hike to take one afternoon after you've set up camp. Or if you're biking, figure out an indoor adventure in case rain takes you off the road for the day.
Get in the team spirit-and refine your teamwork. On your adventure, you'll need to divide tasks and function as a group. You'll need to keep everyone involved and excited. Try one of these for motivation and team building to promote-and learn to manage-team spirit in challenging situations.
If your adventure involves a new skill or fitness level, work on it together. This could be an entirely new skill, such as learning to spelunk or kayak, or it could be building endurance for a mountain-climbing or biking adventure.
Attend a one day high adventure course. Ask for activities that will help refine the skills your group most needs to work on. Do you need to learn to work together, or could you address a team issue you have had in the past so that it does not come up on your outdoor adventure?
Spend a day practicing cooperative and initiative games. Look for ideas in publications like: Project Adventure's Quicksilver, Silver Bullets, Cowtails and Cobras, and No Props.
Whether you're adventuring with equipment you've used before or trying out new gear, get to know it inside and out. What do you need to know to use it properly? What gear will be most effective on your adventure? Use one of the following to make your gear list and gather your equipment. As part of this step, put together your first aid kit, emergency plan and list of emergency contact numbers.
Talk to an expert in your adventure area. Find someone who often goes on your kind of adventure.  What gear do they prefer? What are their recommendations for repairing and maintaining it? Do they have any great adventure tips to share?
Go to a sporting goods store. Find out the latest and greatest in gear for your adventure. This is a research mission! You don't have to buy new things; you can find ideas for enhancements or small additions to what you already have.
Talk to a Girl Scout. Find a Girl Scout sister who has been on a similar adventure. What did she pack? What did she wish she had? Plan accordingly and get tips for your adventure.
Plan your service to the great outdoors. Adventuring is tons of fun-help it stay that way.  Combine the natural environment and service to others into your adventure, or help other Girl Scouts before or after your trip. This step adds one more level of preparation to your badge process, but an important one:  making the world a better place.
Help  the natural environment:  If you'll be in a park or natural wilderness, work with area managers to find a service project to help the environment.  You might maintain a trail or haul out trash.  What are the needs of your location?
Be a guide for younger Girl Scouts. In their Outdoors badges, Brownies learn to hike, Juniors take a camping trip, and Cadettes backpack. Use your skills to help younger Girl Scouts become outdoor adventurers, either by going along or helping train the girls before they go.
Teach Leave No Trace principles. There are some great LNT activities available on line that will help you show kids how to have responsible fun outdoors. You might plan a workshop for other groups on your trip, or teach younger Girl Scouts or other campers how to protect and respect natural surroundings. (These principles are listed on page 2 of the badge pamphlet.)
You know your location and have your teamwork down, your gear prepared, and your service project planned.  Time to set out! Choose one of these ways to capture the amazing days. Use what you make to remember details and talk with your friends about how everything went-and what you'd do differently on your next adventure.
"Shoot a digital photo series. When you return, make a gallery on a photo sharing service.  
FOR MORE FUN: Choose an inexpensive option to get prints for every girl, or make T-shirts or calendars of your favorite shot."
Write it down. Take a sketch pad, keep a journal, or put together a field diary. If you have a cell phone and can connect to the internet, you could even blog about your adventures while you're off the beaten path. 
Make a video If you are carrying a video enabled cell phone or camera, record highlights of your trip. If it's OK with your companions, share the video on social media when you get back.



Get a handle on basic car maintenance. Find out about basic maintenance procedures-check the list (in the badge pamphlet) for ideas. While you're working around cars, tie back loose hair, don't wear loose clothes or jewelry, and put on safety goggles and gloves when necessary.
Talk to a pro. Ask a mechanic, driving teacher, or someone you know with knowledge of cars to show you three basic car care techniques.
Spend two hours at a local car repair shop. Take notes on the various repairs. Find out what the most common repair is and how to perform it.
Watch instructional car care videos to learn three maintenance techniques. Find the videos on line or ask a driving teacher or mechanic for recommendations.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is a great resource for gathering accident statistics and learning about features that make cars safer. Once you've completed your choice, share your knowledge with your peers.
Determine which cars are safest. Find data on handling characteristics and safety features, and ask local dealerships which five car models they consider safest and why. Areas with driving challenges such as severe weather or mountainous roads may have a different top five list than somewhere sunny and flat
Learn which factors affect insurance cost. The safety features a car has can affect how much it costs to insure it. So can the local geography and  ages and genders of the drivers. Find out what safety features are required and which are preferred by two different insurance agencies.
Let crash test dummies teach you. Learn how crash test dummies are used, and how to read and understand crash and rollover ratings. Then, find the safety ratings of three different cars that interest you.
Pay extra attention to how people in your community drive. How can they drive more safely? If you drive, keep your own driving practices in mind as you do one of these choices. And remember-you're learning about driving safety not only to ensure that you are safe, but also to help keep the roads safe for other drivers.
"Create a top ten list of safe driving tips. Get information from your DMV, a driver's ed teacher, or a safe driving seminar. Share your tips with others.
FOR MORE FUN: Take a practice driver's ed test online or in a sample test booklet from the DMV."
"Interview a highway patrol officer to get safe driving tips and stories about what drivers do right (and wrong). What are the most common safety issues among teens in your area?
FOR MORE FUN. Film the interview and create an informational video."
Observe a traffic intersection. Pick a safe place to watch traffic for 30 minutes three different times during the day. Count the vehicles that pass and keep track of safety violations. What percentage of drivers made violations, and which violations are the most common?  (Could your stats help you think of a take action project?)
Find out what to do in case of emergency. What should you do in case of an accident? A little forethought goes a long way towards providing the safest journey possible. 
Compile an emergency kit. Research roadside emergency kits, collect the items and tools they typically include, and learn how to use them.
Interview a roadside service person. Perhaps this is someone who works at a local service station or for one of the many roadside service organizations. What are the most common emergencies in your area? How do they suggest preparing for and preventing such emergencies?
Research how to handle five common driving hazards or automotive breakdowns. Examples:  slippery roads, flat tires, an overheated engine, and foggy conditions.
You can boost the fuel efficiency of a car by as much as 30% through simple vehicle maintenance and attention to your driving style.
Compare car efficiencies. Choose three cars with high fuel efficiency ratings, including one hybrid or electric vehicle. If you were going to recommend purchasing one of the cars, what are the top three selling points you would tell the potential buyer?
Practice energy efficient driving or help an adult family member do so. For one week, drive as you normally do, recording your car's fuel efficiency (in miles per gallon) for the week. During week two, practice the methods in the Energy Efficient Driving Tips sidebar (in the badge pamphlet). Did you get better mileage?
Drive less. Almost half the trips we make are to locations within three miles of our homes. On a map, draw a three mile radius around your home. Come up with at least three ways to cut your number of car trips by half. 




Explore the world, both near and far.  In this step, you are gathering information for a lifetime of travel adventure.  Consider places you can go now, but also let yourself get as exotic, dreamy, and indulgent as you want.
Create an inspiration travel board.  Find images and information for at least 10 destinations, and use them to make an inspiration board.  Travel agencies and chambers of commerce are great resources.
Interview three travel veterans or professionals in the travel industry. Maybe you have an aunt who raves about the restaurants in a nearby town or a friend who studied in Shanghai.  Find out what they enjoyed most and least on their adventures, what interested or surprised them, and what tips they have. 
Get inspiration from movies or books. Spend a few hours watching movies or documentaries, reading a travel memoir, or checking out the Girl Scouts travel website.  Collect ideas for your reference and to share.
Travel planning means figuring out how you'll get where you want to go, where you will stay, what you'll eat, and great places you'll visit (as well as the best ways to get to them).  Some people prefer jam packed days full of activities, others like time for wandering around.  Dig into itineraries to see what appeals most to you.
Interview a travel agent or tour operator. Ask how they organize itineraries, and get recommendations for at least three destinations that interest you. Take notes for reference, then chat with friends and family about what kind of itinerary you prefer.
Check out at least two itineraries for the same trip. Books, magazines, websites, tour groups, exchange programs, and study-abroad organizations often create suggested itineraries.  Collect two or more for a trip of at least two days and one night and discuss them with friends and families.  Which one sounds best to you?  Why? 
Make an itinerary for a place you know well.  Figure out how you like to travel by suggesting activities for others to do and see in a place that you know.  Make an itinerary for at least two days and one night; then show it to someone else who knows that area, and discuss what choices they'd make.
It's during the budgeting process when all the big ideas for a trip take concrete form; money matters require real juggling. The good news is that if you do your research, you'll be surprised by the adventures available on any budget.
Take Two Itineraries that you looked at and cost them out. Research transportation, admission, lodging, and food fees, and figure out exactly how much they will cost.  What are some ways to cut costs -- alternative activities, public transportation, free fun?  Rewrite one itinerary to show how you could take a similar trip for half the cost.
Rewrite an itinerary for a budget conscious traveler. Look at an itinerary for a trip abroad created for a luxury traveler.  Now find ways to cut costs.  Look for budget tips  -- such as traveling during off peak seasons and staying at youth hostels (or Wagggs world centers overseas!)  and discounts through travel books, magazines, and websites; and talk to seasoned travelers in your networks.
Look into volunteer trips, scholarships and working abroad.  Some organizations pay for your travel in exchange for work in places throughout America and globally. There are travel opportunities through Girl Scout Destinations, the U.S. government, and service organizations.  While you may not be able to take advantage of these now, they're great to consider for the future.  Gather information about five opportunities for subsidized travel and discuss them with friends and family. 
Depending on where you're going, being a savvy traveler can require new skills -- before you go, and on the road.  Practice one of these to get the hang of an important piece of travel expertise.
Find out the nitty gritty about visas and health requirements.  Find out what you need to get a short term travel visa, a student visa, and a working visa in three countries from different parts of the world.  Look into specific vaccination or immunization requirements for those places.
Map it out.  Get a map for a big city you're interested in visiting, and pretend you are going to see five major landmarks in one day.  How would you get from the airport to the city -- or where would you park the car? Once you are there, will you walk, take a bus, take the subway or drive?  Check out schedules, fares, and fees to complete your research.
Learn at least ten words or phrases in a new language.  If you're interested in a specific language, learn the basic words and phrases such as names of foods, how to say hello and goodbye, please and thank you, numbers, and how to get directions.  Or find out how to say hello and goodbye in ten different languages.
You've explored what you need to know to make a trip a success, now put it into action.  Choose your destination and an itinerary for two days worth of activities that will fit your budget.  Document your trip in one of these fun ways so you can share it with friends, family and fellow Girl Scouts when you get home.
Use the Girl Scout travel log. Available on the Girl Scouts travel website, this is a great resource to frame your trip.  It helps you figure out more about yourself, think about what kinds of culture you're encounter (and what culture even means), and it gives you ideas for when you get home.  Even if you're not going far, the log can help you make the most of your trip.
Choose a theme and take photos. How about a series of pictures of similar objects that you've encountered in various locations, different doors, wheels on various vehicles, anything sporting the color yellow?  Or what about how girls live?  You'll likely notice some differences -- and some similarities. Or take along something fun to photograph in different places -- a gnome or your favorite SWAP!  (You can get your photo essay published on the Girl Scout website!)
Capture your trip on video. When you get home, edit your video into a travel documentary.  It might include travel tips for other girls, interviews with people you met, and great shots that share a sense of scenery.



Primitive cultures only tolerated dogs in their camps because they would eat smelly scraps and scare off intruders.  But eventually humans began caring for animals as pets -- from dogs and cats to birds, goldfish, rabbits, and more.  How do we treat our pets today? What rights should they have?  How are pets protected?
Volunteer at a shelter, at the ASPCA, or at an animal adoption or spay/neuter drive.  Find out why spaying and neutering are important, what the animal populations are locally, and what overpopulation means for unwanted animals.
Interview an animal-rescue worker.  Find out what animal issues there are in your community and what it's like to have a career protecting animals.  Share your interview with other Girl Scouts. 
Compose a pet's rights document.  Is it OK to declaw a cat?  Or to use a shock collar on a dog?  What guidelines should be in place for a classroom hamster, a family dog, or a pet rabbit?  Start by looking at city and state laws.  Then write up a document stating what you think it takes to treat pets ethically and respectfully.
Whether animals should be used for product and medical testing is a controversial issue.  First research the arguments for and against animal testing.  What animals are most likely to be used in tests?  Are any protected by the Animal Welfare Act? 
Interview people with opposing viewpoints.  They might be a scientist and an animal rights activist.  From these interviews make a pros and cons list about the issue.  Then check out the rules and guidelines for animal testing.  Are they different from state to state? Who regulates animal testing?  Where do you stand now that you've heard two opinions. 
Track a beauty product. Find one that doesn't have cruelty free or produced without animal testing on the label.  Research how it was developed.  Were animals used?  If so, how?  Make a visual time line or diagram of development.
Follow an experiment or lab study. Find out what animals are used for and how they are treated.  If possible also visit a lab where animals are used for beauty product testing or medical research.  Share your experiences with Girl Scout friends.
Husbandry is the practice of breeding and raising farm animals intended to be used for food.  Cows, chicken, lamb, and pigs all come under this category.
Visit a working farm or ranch. Talk to a rancher or staff worker about their animal practices.  Share what you learned with family and friends.
Investigate livestock breeding. Many farms employ breeders to improve the genetics of the herd and speed up reproduction.  For example, embryos from a prime quality cow might be transplanted into another cow to allow the prime quality cow to breed again more quickly.  What other practices are being used?  What is the science behind farm practices -- for instance why are some farms moving away from hog confinement barns and what does that mean for the pigs?  Explore the details of breeding one animal and share your findings.
Look into domestic pet breeding. Find out what's involved in responsible pet breeding.  What testing is done before breeding two parents?  How do they choose homes for their animals?  Contact breeders to see if they will talk to you or let you visit their facilities.  Share what you find out.
Think about the first time you saw an elephant in the circus.  Or visited a marine park and watched killer whales perform.  Or attended a rodeo to see a calf roping competition.  Worldwide, from bullfighting in Spain to foxhunting in England, animals are part of our sports and entertainment culture.
Take a look at animals in sports. Choose a sport to research.  It might be rodeo, greyhound racing, polo or dressage, horse racing, or falconry.  If possible attend an event, talk to the participants, and explore how the owners and handlers care for the animals.  Share your findings.
Write about animals in entertainment.  Choose an animal to research.  It might be in a movie, circus, zoo or dog show.  Write a short story, poem, or article from the point of view of the animal.  What would you imagine a day in its life is like?  Share your creative pieces with family or friends. 
Interview people behind the scenes.  This might be a zookeeper, animal trainer, or the owner of a show dog.  Prepare a list of questions.  Find out the daily routine for the animals, how they're cared for, and what happens when they get sick and can't perform.  Share your interview with Girl Scout friends.
Choose an issue and find out more.
Debate a policy decision. Pretend you can make a law and invite people to present both sides of your animal issue, such as:  Eating meat v. vegetarianism,  Wearing fur, leather or other animal products v. not wearing them; medical advances for humans v. animal rights; zoos that aid conservation v. zoos that keep animals confined.
Compose an editorial. Present your issue in an opinion article.  You might want to put it in a blog or on a website devoted to your issue.
Create a public service announcement. Put your audio visual skills to work and create a two minute public service video or slide show to get your message across.



Icebreaker activities are a great way to get acquainted.  After you lead players through a well-crafted "getting to know you" exercise, they should have no problem finding something to talk about.  With these games, you'll see that sometimes all it takes is a common activity to strike up a conversation and start making new friends.
Partner Play. Learn to let go and rely on a partner with trust-building exercises.  These may range from popular "catch me" exercises to complex games in which one person is blindfolded and must follow directions from their partner to complete a task.  Or Try finding your partner in a group:   one idea is "animal connection" in which slips of paper with  the names of animals are put in a hat.  There are two slips for each animal.  Each player draws a slip, and at the "go" signal, all players act like that animal.  The first players to find their partners win (or the challenge can be for all players to team up within a certain time limit -- time  can get progressively less as the players get to know each other's antics.
Uniquely You:  It's practically guaranteed that everyone you meet has at least ten interesting facts unique to their upbringing, culture, or life history.  Organize a game that challenges players to learn one another's trivia treasures.  Some games may play like a sort of "trivia bingo" while others could be more puzzle related.  Find the format that fits your group.
Rock, paper, scissors tournament. Gather at least eight players to compete in this sudden death championship.  They'll probably know the simple, fun and handy game Rock, Paper, Scissors.  But you'll have something new in mind.  A Game that shares the same basic concept but adds a special twist.  What about airplane, gorilla, skyscraper, or Girl Scout, Raccoon, S'mores?
From rainy days to late nights with friends, few things beat passing the time with your favorite board game.    Except maybe playing a game that makes the world a board.
Game master Extraordinaire. Almost any board game can be played with people as the game pieces, if you get truly imaginative.  Or you could invent a massive "board" game that is truly your own, inspired by a favorite book, movie, or something that holds special meaning in your life.  See the side bar for some ideas.
Flash forward. A flash mob is a group of people who gather at a designated place and time, perform a premeditated action, then disperse quickly.  You could organize a flash mob to play a quick game of human knots or charades, or with the sole purpose of doing a good turn.  Maybe gather a group of Girl Scouts, arrive suddenly at a public place, hand out paper flowers with fun messages or flyers about your cookie sale, then disappear in a flash.
Big time bingo. Make a Bingo card with objects, monuments, or concepts from the area where you'll play the game in each of the squares (the board is a 5x5 grid, with a free space in the middle).  For instance if you are playing at camp, some squares might be woodpecker, rainbow, and rock that looks like a trefoil.  Wander the area with at least two others, and in order for you to mark off a square, the other players must agree that you saw the thing in question.  The first player with a bingo wins.  
It's easy to find motivation to move when you are having fun.  Get everyone into gear with these pulse-pumping endurance tests, and they'll learn the value of feeling good, body and soul.  In these group-oriented activities, everyone works together to build strong teams inside and out.  
Amazing race. Combine two or more sports into one adventure race or join an organized adventure race (see Run Amuck sidebar for an example).  If you make your own, chart out a course that requires small teams of racers to work together to navigate, using only a map.  The first team to follow all the rules and complete the course wins.  Racers might bike to a designated location, then hike to a specified spot where they are required to swim a certain distance to reach their destination.
It's still fun! Take two or three favorite physical games you played as a child (think red light/green light, Simon says, musical chairs, hide and seek, etc.) and make them into great games for teens by adding rules, stunts, obstacles -- whatever safe opportunities you can dream up.  (or combine them for musical hide and seek or red light/green light hopscotch.)
Relay race. Come up with a few activities to make up a relay course.  There could be a rope climbing portion, a beanbag chase, a three legged race, a hula hoop- -- you decide.
Your brain might not be a muscle, but that doesn't mean it doesn't deserve a good workout.  Tone your gray matter and flex your smarts by organizing a brain teasingly challenging puzzle game.  Your gamers will have a blast putting their heads together and solving their way to victory.
Join a puzzle hunt. There are all sorts of official puzzle hunts that take place each year all over the United States.  Who knows?  There might just be one happening near you.  Find out, then organize a group and get involved.  If your chosen hunt is nearby, it might be fun to make a day trip out of it.
Mini-puzzle hunt. Group everyone into teams of around three people.  Each team creates a short hunt of from three to five puzzles.  Teams then give their puzzle hunt to another group so everyone is involved in making up and solving the hunts.
Create a wide game. Girl Scouts and Girl guides have been creating these wildly imaginative games for years.  Read the box on page 5 of the badge pamphlet for instructions on what they are and how to make one.  To move through the course, this wide game should have brainteasers and puzzles to solve.
Come up with short or day long challenges involving clever clues that lead your players through a series of items on a list.  The team with the most finds at the end of the game wins.  (You might need some official judges to decide if a find satisfied the requirement, since this is no ordinary scavenger hunt.)
Super alphabet hunt. Make an area limit for the hunt, and ask participants to take a digital photograph of between 50 and 100 things they describe using a particular letter (or ten things described with 5 or 10 different letters)  The challenge is to first take a picture of the thing and then to describe it with as many words as possible that start with the chosen letter.  Once time is up, players must show their photos (on the camera or in a digital slide show) and share their captions -- one point for every word that starts with the letter.  
Tell the story hunt. Choose a favorite story and ask teams to tell it in a series of digital photographs they take within a certain area.  Team members play the characters, and the challenge is to find appropriate places to stage each scene.  The team that comes back within the time limit with the best scene by scene movie wins.  Or you could award the team whose photos are the most hilarious, most creative, etc.
Make your own items. In this hunt, players must create a series of at least ten items within a given time limit, then bring them to a common place to share.  The challenge is in creating the item and sometimes figuring out how to define it.  For instance, the items could be a periodic table of Girl Scout elements, a new species of bird, and the stuff dreams are made of.  Groups might bring a poster that looks like a version of the periodic table filled in with Girl Scout symbols . . . . 



You need to understand how an issue fits in the world at large before you can form a strategy to make a difference.  Pick one choice to expand your understanding of your chosen issue.  Here we've used healthy eating as an example to show how each choice offers possibilities for exploration
Find five social trends: Watch the news, talk to parents or other adults or explore the web to find social trends related to your issue.  Jot down your thoughts on how these trends impact your issue,
Identify five instances where technology impacts your issue.  Trends in science, engineering, and technology affect issues and how we can address them.  Find five technological developments that could influence your issue.
Find five businesses or groups that impact your issue. Research businesses and non-profit organizations working in your topic area and jot down what you find innovative about their approaches.  
Innovative ideas come from all sorts of places.  Great innovators aren’t always the ones with the big ideas.  They are often the ones who make interesting connections and pull inspiration from the world around them.  Here are some ways innovators get inspired.  Try one to begin developing innovations for your issue.
Crowd sourcing. Crowd sourcing helps you get ideas from a very large number of people.  Post your questions to your social networking profiles, send an email, or hand out a survey.  Get at least 30 responses.
Biomimicry. Sometimes nature already has the answers to an issue.  Some fabrics, glass, and paints have the same water repelling properties as a lotus leaf -- when water rolls off it takes all the dirt with it.   . . .  Look at plants and animals to see if nature has some solutions to your issue.
International ideas.  What can you learn from other cultures about your issue?  Look at how three cultures address your issue:  explore books and photos from other places, talk to someone from another culture or get on the Web.
Gaining empathy -- that's being able to connect to the thoughts, feelings, and attitudes of others -- helps innovators develop a gut sense of which ideas might work and which won't, and how to make existing solutions better.  Here are some techniques innovators use to build empathy.
Spend a day in the life. A great way of trying to build empathy is trying to experience someone else's point of view.  Think of someone who is trying to address the same issue you are or who lives with your issue every day.  Follow their routine for a day and journal your observations.  How was your experience different from your typical day?
Be someone's shadow.  For half a day, shadow professionals or someone with values related to your topic.  Record their activities and your observations.  Remember, being someone's shadow means barely being noticeable -- ask them not to change their routines to accommodate you.  Jotting notes can make people self-conscious, so practice your stealth note taking skills.
Interview an expert or professional in your topic area.  Sometimes the easiest way to gather information about the situation you want to improve is by piggybacking on experts who have already done related work.  To learn about healthy eating, you could interview a nutritionist or food scientist about improving the food system.  Prepare questions in advance or bring some ideas you got in the first step. 
True or false?  There's only one solution to every problem.  False, the "best" solution depends on what your role is and the responsibilities you have.  For example, as a student, you could promote healthy eating at school by starting a contest with friends to see who can go the longest without drinking a soda.  If you were part of school administration, you could replace unhealthy snacks in vending machines with healthier foods.  Try at least one of these scenarios to consider solutions too your issue from a specific perspective.
As a parent. How do moms and dads address your topic? Some parents don't serve dessert unless kids finish their vegetable.  Others don't buy unhealthy snacks at the store. Pick: three possible innovations you discovered in steps 2 and 3 and refine them using a parent's perspective. 
As an engineer. An engineer might design smaller plates and bowls that encourage people to eat less, or a refrigerator that stays locked except during mealtimes. Filter through the ideas you sourced in steps 2 and 3. What ideas can be engineered into a product? Refine and draw three product concepts that could be solutions for your issue.
As a business owner. A business could be a health foods grocery store, or a phone application that helps people keep track of their diet. Use your research from steps 2 and 3 to develop three business ideas. It could be a product, service, store, restaurant. or anything else!
Practice sharing your business ideas. A good innovator asks for and listens to constructive feedback. In fact, "failure" is encouraged-if you don't mess up at first, how will you know what can be improved? Try to shake the feeling that you should get it all right and enjoy this step. Share what you made in step 4, and learn from others how your business ideas -  and the way you present them --  can get even better.
Present your idea to someone who hasn't seen it yet. It may be one of your parents, an older sibling, one of your teachers, or a neighbor. Because they haven't yet heard about your innovation, they'll have new reactions.
Present to an expert. Find someone who has experience with the subject area of your idea. Does your idea have to do with taking care of a sick person? Then share it with a nurse. Does your idea have to do with gardening? Then share it with someone who runs a nursery.
Design a magazine advertisement or video commercial. The ad should explain or demonstrate at least one of your ideas. Share your favorite idea(s) with other Girl Scouts, parents, or a professional in your issue area and listen to their feedback.



Like any useful skill. good communication takes practice!
"Pitch a business idea. Do you have an invention, like a new Smartphone application, or a business idea. like a useful website? Have you dreamed up a strategy for how a local business can improve sales? Assemble a group and present your idea. Wear business attire, and ask for feedback. (Find
information on what makes a good business presentation, and follow it.)"
"Try a business lunch. Host a lunch with a few friends. Dress as if you are professionals in your dream jobs. Share your qualifications -or those you plan to gain in the future-and give feedback about each girl's image, including luncheon manners. For example, what's appropriate to order at a business lunch? How we look, how we act, and what we share are all part
of the image we ""communicate"" at a business function."
Write with business flair. Pick a job you'd love to have, and write a cover letter applying for it. Find examples of good cover letters in books or online to see what information to include and how to choose your words to present yourself with business style. Show your letter to a businessperson for feedback
Discover some sure fire ways to make a great impression. Which job-interview questions stump you? Which seem simple? If you pick a role-play choice. find a local classified ad or a posting for a career position you'd eventually love, and use the listed job requirements and information about the company to prepare for your interview. 
"Conduct a mock first interview on the phone or in person. You want to make a good enough impression for a second round. Ask someone to interview you for at least 10 minutes. Give them some common interview questions, and ask them to come up with at least one you're not expecting.
Then ask for feedback. Did you land the job?"
Videotape an interview. This can be a mock interview that a friend conducts with you while they are off-camera. Keep the camera trained on you. Afterward, study your results. How is your posture? Are you speaking clearly and confidently? Ask a businessperson to watch your video and give you some constructive criticism
Go on an actual interview.  Perhaps you're considering volunteering somewhere or applying for a summer internship. Set up an interview and go for it. Discuss with friends and family how you thought it went.
Women can be less likely than men to ask for what they want. Sometimes compromise is called for, but many times you want your voice heard loud and clear-especially if you're the boss (or you'd like to be someday!). Get some negotiation skills in your mental briefcase right now, and you'll be on your way up the ladder. 
Learn from a pro. Ask a businessperson to share examples of situations in which they've had to negotiate. What happened, and what did they learn? What tips do they have? Put those tips into action during a mock or real negotiation-what you charge for babysitting. gardening, or another service; the salary you'd like for a dream job: or a situation you've encountered or might encounter in your cookie business! 
Take a negotiation workshop. Learn the basics, and try some role-play activities to build your skills in a workshop at a community center, college. or online.
"Go international. In a global economy, it's important to understand how different cultures negotiate. Find information online about different tactics (for example. studies say Japanese businesspeople respond more positively to politeness than to commands). Then have a mock international business
negotiation with friends. (You might find a great issue to negotiate in the international business section of a newspaper or magazine.)"
Success at work involves more than your technical skills. Supervisors and fellow employees note how you interact and handle conflict and praise. Use this step to create a list of qualities that impress you (or that you'd like to practice) to keep for reference as you move into the working world.
Go to work! You might spend time at a law firm, a diner, or with a park ranger-or take part in a job-shadowing program for a day. Note how employees and supervisors interact with each other and with clients. (If you have a job, ask a coworker or supervisor for opinions on your professional presentation. Then try to put their advice into action!)
Interview a supervisor. Find out what actions and traits they value in an employee. What's the best behavior they've seen on the job? What's the worst? How do they suggest handling difficult situations?
Get an employee perspective. Research businesses that have received rankings as great places to work-or find one in your community with a great reputation. Then speak to an employee about what it's like to work there and what's required to interact well on the job.
Opportunity is more likely to come knocking if you've made sure others know you're looking for it. In fact, at least 60 percent of jobs are found through networking. Try one of these ideas for building relationship foundations that could literally pay off later.
Schedule an informational interview or informal meeting.  You can do this by phone or in person, at a company or workplace in your area of interest Try to see more than one person who works there.
Attend a local job fair. Introduce yourself to at least three professionals. Make sure to get their business contact information and to follow up with them
"Expand your circle.  Perhaps there's a new activity or club that interests you. Go to an event or a meeting and introduce yourself. Or is there someone on your block you'd like to meet - perhaps to babysit for them, walk their dog, or
do gardening tasks? Now's your chance to make a business opportunity. "




As you work through this step, record thoughts, sketches, images, and ideas in an inspiration notebook-it will make a great reference to guide you through the badge. Pay attention to composition, color, material, and message, as those are the collages you'll be making in the next steps!
Read about three collage time periods or styles. You might explore paper collages by 12th-century Japanese calligraphers, research medieval artists who enhanced religious images with fibers, gemstones, and precious metals, or look at the work of modern artists who pushed the boundaries of the medium.
Visit a museum or exhibit featuring collages. Talk to an exhibit employee about the artists and what materials they use in their work.
Find out how far back you can trace collages and then create a timeline. Was the technique a respected art form or a novelty? When did it begin to be taken seriously by art critics? Include at least three influential artists on your timeline.
Visualize how you want your collage to look. How do you want your viewers' eyes to travel across your work? Is there a hierarchy to the objects on your canvas? How and where you place the visual elements in your collage can change the mood and the experience the piece creates.
Compose a collage using cubomania. This technique means cutting one image into squares, and then reassembling each however you desire. You might try to re-create the original image with some variations, or place each square randomly.
Create a collage diary. For one week, collect things-these might be store receipts, a card from someone, restaurant menu, train ticket, movie theater stub, flyers, etc. Cut up and compose what you've collected into a composition that defines your week.
Create a photo collage. Use physical photographs or digital scans, or find free images if you're working on the computer. You might choose a theme - "favorite Girl Scout experiences," "everything that means home to me," or "pets of everyone I love."
Isaac Newton, during his groundbreaking study on how light is responsible for color, was the first to arrange colors in a "wheel." Scientists and artists found the concept an incredibly useful way to organize and study the effects of one color's relationship to another. Explore-and express-your feelings about color in collage.
Create a collage using one color. If it's yellow, you might find materials in every shade of yellow from mustard to bright, pure yellow.
Create a collage with a color theme. This might mean colors that evoke a patriotic theme: red, white, and blue. Or Victorian-era colors: gray, brown, teal, and purplish red. Or think about cool color combinations, such as turquoise and silver, or your favorite Girl Scout colors.
Create a collage that's a study in color harmony. Harmony means the combination isn't too jarring or too bland. Colors next to each other on the wheel usually give a sense of balance and harmony. But contrasting colors-those found from different parts of the color wheel-can also seem harmonious.
What you've tried with composition and color should help you choose objects that will fit together well. Or, you might specifically decide to pick things that don't seem to have a rhyme or reason-that depends on your vision as an artist.
Create a collage using 3-D materials. A tech theme might have computer chips, old cell phone parts, and colored wires (and maybe a screw or lug nut as a nod to older technology)! A games theme might have Monopoly pieces, dice, and a spinner. Or you might not want a theme at all!
"Create a collage on a found surface. What about making a collage on a lampshade, a shoe that's past its prime, a piece of tire, driftwood, or even a tabletop hat could use a creative spark?
Tip: You can preserve your collage by painting over it with a sealant, such as a clear spray acrylic, varnish, or lacquer."
Create a collage from everyday things. You might ask friends to give you things from their pockets that they intend to discard. Or, you might make  a foodie collage using napkins, chopsticks, cutlery, sugar packets, and other culinary items.
A collage is a fantastic way to share a powerful message. What kind of composition, color, objects, or textures say "This is what matters to me and why"? Experiment with bringing your meaning to life.
Create a self-portrait collage. It doesn't have to be your face-just a piece that tells the world something about you. A girl with a sweet tooth could make art with her collection of jelly beans, an entrepreneur with coins and money. Or, create your face using Girl Scout badges and patches!
Create a collage with an advocacy message. Collages, especially in the 1940s, were often used to express powerful social commentary. Find a way to use this art form to express your cause or a message you believe in.
Create a collage advertisement. Perhaps it's to promote your favorite Girl Scout camp, a travel adventure, or a great book or recipe.



A cross-training plan you'll stick to needs a firm goal--one you can keep in mind as you work up a sweat and flex your muscles.  Develop yours in this step.  Check out the sidebar for ideas as you're getting started.
Get advice from a professional. Interview a coach, personal trainer, professional athlete, or physical education teacher.  (If you already play a sport, you could discuss possible goals with your coach.)  Talk about your strengths, weaknesses, and skills you might like to improve.  Then set your goals!
Get evaluated.  Some fitness centers offer fitness evaluations for free, or you might find a program online you could do yourself, such as the President's Fitness Test.  Record your results, and use them to develop your fitness goal.
Create a fitness statement.  Chat with friends and family, reflect on your own ideas, and then write a statement that sets out your goal.  You cold get creative and find ways to post it in places that will inspire you, such as on your bathroom mirror or as wallpaper on a computer or cell phone you use.
"Start a stretching and flexibility program.
 Stretching provides you greater flexibility and mobility.  Your program should include a stretching routine of at least 15 minutes specific to your goals.  Do one of these choices to create your routine."
Ask an expert.  This might be an athlete in your sport, a physical education teacher, personal trainer or coach, physical therapist, or sports doctor.  Discuss your goals, and ask for safe stretches targeted to your goal.
Take a yoga or Pilates class.  There might be one at your local fitness or community center, perhaps even for free.  Sign up for one, and make the class a regular part of your workout plan.  Or take the class once and ask to chat with the teacher afterward.  Tell them your goal, and ask which of the poses you did would be appropriate to do on your own.  (The teacher may point you to additional resources to make sure you do the poses safely and correctly.
Research and develop your own program.  At the library, in books or online, find stretches to warm up and safely stretch out your body in preparation for your goals.
Cardio is probably the most fun part of cross-training because it's about getting our body moving.  It increases your heart rate and trains your muscles to use oxygen more efficiently.  Anything that gets your heart pumping can be cardio exercise:  running, dancing, or even walking at a brisk pace.  Add a cardio component of at least 30 minutes to your routine.
Head outdoors.  You could go jogging, ride a bike, take a power walk, bounce on a trampoline, twirl around in a Hula-Hoop, snowshoe through the woods, or hike up a hill.  Whatever you choose, get your heart rate up to a level that gives you cardio benefits.  See the box for more heart rate information.
Try the Gym.  You might find free courses in your community for a class in step aerobics, spinning, Zumba, water aerobics, or kickboxing.  If you can access a pool, try swimming laps!
Mix it up.  Mix swimming with biking, running, playing basketball, climbing stairs, or even jumping rope--you might switch up for each week of the badge.
"Add a toning or strengthening element.
 Toning exercises condition and strengthen muscles and can raise your metabolism (the way you burn food energy) and release stress from your body.  There are many ways to strengthen:  You can use free weights (barbells), fitness machines, or do body-weight exercises (pull-ups or lunges).  Use one of these choices to create a strength routine that's at least 15 minutes long."
Get expert help.  Seek out a certified strength and conditioning specialist to help design a strengthening program that will meet hour goals.  You can also talk to a personal trainer, coach, or gym teacher.
Circuit train.  Many gyms or workout rooms set up their machines in a circuit, meaning that you can move from machine to machine to work out different body parts.
Set up a free-weight plan. This is especially helpful if you don't have access to a workout room or gym.  Research five body-weight exercises, such as lungs and push-ups, and five free-weight exercises that will help you meet your goals!
Now that you've established your workout goal and developed your program, put it into action!  (See Tips Before Takeoff for more about the two-month requirement.)  Do one of these choices to help you stay on track, stay motivated, and reach your goal.
My Before and After.  Chart your progress in a journal--fill it with words, photos, and sketches that motivate you.  At the end of every workout, record what you did, for how long, and how you feel.  Whether or not you reach your goal in two months, it will be a fantastic reference as you grow as an athlete!
Find inspiration in numbers!  Find a workout partner, fitness mentor, or friend or family member who's interested in helping you.  Let them know about your training goals and what you hope to accomplish.  Then make a plan to work together to achieve it.
Learn it to teach it.  Sometimes the best way to find out if you truly have a skill is to try and teach it to someone else.  Who could benefit from the skills you develop here?  Keep that person or group in mind, and when you've completed the badge, teach them something you learned to do.  (If you plan to do the Coaching badge as a Girl Scout Ambassador, this might be a great choice for you.)



Elections are how we choose leaders and vote on how we want things done in our country.  Find out the basics of how elections operate with one of the following choices.
Compare political platforms.  Compare the platforms of two of our country's earliest political parties, such as the Federalists, Anti-Federalists and Whigs.  Now select two parties from a recent election and compare their platforms.  What changes or similarities do you see with the parties' beliefs from then to today?
Create an election flow chart.  What happens from the time a politician declares candidacy to Election Day?  Focus on the most recent national election, and chart one campaign from the date of declaration to Election Day.  If the candidate won, chart when they took office and what happened in between.  Watch how power is transferred from the incumbent to the newly elected official.
Compare local, state, and national elections. Research the basic processes for local, state, and national elections.  For one you might be electing a mayor, another your governor or state senator, and for another, the president.  How often do you vote for each elected position?  What are the differences between the three elections?  What is the difference between a primary and a general election?  Make a chart of your research.
Discover details on the simple but very important process of voting by completing one of the choices below.
Visit a voter-registration office.  Find a place where you can get voter information, such as a voter-registration office, a government office, or the League of Women Voters.  Ask a staff member what the qualifications are for voting in your state.  Find out how to declare a party identity.  Do you need to?  What does declaring a party identity mean for your voting?
Visit a polling place.  Join someone who's eligible to vote, and go to a polling place to observe the process.  Where are the ballots filled out?  What type of ballots are they?  Talk to a polling place staff member and get the full scope of where the ballots go and how they are counted--including write-in votes and absentee ballots.
Explore voter technology.  Find out how voting technology methods vary from state to state, from the manual punch-card system to an electronic ballot marker.  What new technologies were used in the last election?  How do people who are differently abled vote?  Explore the movement toward voting on the internet.  What are the pros and cons?  You might seek information about online voting on the Government Computer News site (GCN.com)
"Voting is the most important right we have.  If you're 18 or older, you're eligible to vote.  Yet in the 2004 election, just over half of the approximately 44 million eligible young voters (under age 30) filled out a ballot.  And in 2008, only 56.8 percent of all eligible voters turned up at the polls.  That's a lot of voices going unheard!
The Federal elections Commission (FEC) provides statistics on voter turnout.  Look at statistics for the last three elections in your area to help inform your work in this step.  Target a demographic that needs encouragement in your area, and do one of the choices."
Research and create a poster. On it, explain the "Motor Voter" legislation, which makes it easy for most Americans to register.
Make a voter reminder calendar showing when elections are held locally.  On the calendar, you might include nonpartisan websites and reference sites where new voters can get solid information about candidates and issues.
Educate!  Take a sample ballot from a recent election, and paste it up (either online or on a poster board) with callouts to indicate what people voted for.  Highlight the winners, and include data about the number of people who voted for each candidate or issue.
Get an up-close look at what it's like to campaign for an elected office with one of the choices below.
Make a sample campaign budget.  Include travel costs, staff and polling costs, and potential contributors.  Ask for advice from someone knowledgeable about campaign finance--or check ot the Federal Election Commission website to see how much money your senator or representative raised and spent for his or her most recent campaign.
Create a campaign ad.  First study campaign ads from three recent elections.  Are they negative?  Warm and fuzzy?  Or a bit of both?  Now develop your own print or video campaign ad--and make a campaign slogan!
Find a platform and write a speech.  First read campaign speeches by three winning politicians.  What is their core message?  Do they use any catchphrases?  Now write a campaign speech as though you were running for a local office or for student council.
The U.S. isn't the only country that elects its leaders by popular vote.  But elections have different rules and procedures all over the world.  Check out how citizens in other countries vote with one of the choices below.
Explore voting procedures abroad. Pick three countries form different regions, and describe their voting procedures.  What type of voting technology do they use?  Where are their polling places, and how are they regulated?  Who is eligible to vote?
Follow a foreign election.  Identify a country currently undergoing campaigns and elections.  Follow the candidates up through election day.  Track the front-runners and their platforms.  What was the election outcome?  Was it expected?
Explore women voting or female leaders abroad.  Track female presidents, prime ministers, and heads of state in countries worldwide.  How many female leaders are there?  What are their roles?  Historically, which countries are most likely to have female leaders?  Or take a look at female voting.  Which countries still prevent women from voting, and why?  Which countries have the highest female voter turnout?  The lowest?  (You might want to check www.accuratedemocracy.com/d_datac.htm for information)



"In this step, find out how others define local-and why going local
might be important to them. After your interview, trade informed ideas with your Senior friends about the benefits and challenges of being a locavore. End the step by expressing your opinion about what's local and why it matters-perhaps in an article. collage, or short presentation."
 Interview someone who cooks This might be an amateur or professional chef, a restaurant worker, or a neighbor who loves to cook. How do they address the local question in their kitchens?
Interview someone in the food delivery chain. It could be a farmer, transportation worker, or grocery store manager. How far does the farmer's food travel to reach a table? Where does the grocery store source its produce?
Canvas your friends and family. Make a survey of at least five questions to give in person or online (there are many free and simple survey websites). You might ask; "Where have you heard the word locavore, and what does it mean to you?", "Do you get any produce or meat from a local farm ?", "Have you ever tried to buy local-how easy or hard was it?"
You may be able to find local foods at your grocery store, health food store. or farmers' market. Or you might be close to a farm or live in a community with the option to invest in a box of seasonal farm foods every month. Explore what the local options are in your area.
Create a food calendar showing when 10 foods are in season. It could be as simple as a list of months and food that grows in your area at that time, or you could decorate a monthly calendar with drawings. Find local sources for the foods you choose and include them on your calendar. 
Draw your food-radius map. Get a map of your area, and draw a circle that will encompass the radius you consider local, be it 5 or 100 miles. Now find 10 sources (farms, orchards, dairies, ranches) in your radius, and label them on your map.
Choose 10 foods in your house and find local equivalents. Select 10 foods you buy regularly-maybe eggs, cheese, lettuce, or fruit. Does your  family purchase them from local sources? If not, make a list of places to get these foods or alternatives from local sources.
Locavores often praise the fresh flavors of local ingredients when a tomato sauce really tastes like tomatoes should, or an apple tart radiates the essence of apple. Try a recipe in one of these categories to showcase local ingredients.
Create two salads with at least three ingredients each. What about a kale, carrot, and beet coleslaw (with a vinaigrette from local grapes!) and a mixed-lettuces salad? Or a colorful fruit salad and a pannella (Italian bread salad) with local bread, tomatoes, and basil could be fun. Herbs count as ingredients!
Create a simple, local-ingredients meal. This could be a pasta primavera with different local veggies, a chicken stew with local chicken and herbs, or a simple meat loaf with local ground meat and mashed potatoes.
Make two different dishes that showcase the same ingredient. For example, you could make a carrot coleslaw and carrot juice, strawberry soup and a strawberry smoothie, a raspberry coulis (a French word for sauce!) and a raspberry tart, or tomato sauce and tomato salsa. 
Make something that's local in two ways: It's both a personal. community, or family recipe. and it's sourced with local ingredients. (Use as many local ingredients as you can: it's possible you won't be able to find every single ingredient where you live.) Find your recipe in one of these ways. 
Talk to a chef who specializes in locally grown foods. Check out restaurants, cafes, or delis in your area that serve locally grown dishes. Ask one of the chefs to share a recipe. (Learning where they source it would be useful. as well. Some chefs include this information on their menu or website.)
Make a recipe local. Pick your favorite recipe from a friend or family member. If you love pepperoni pizza, maybe you can find local cheese, pepperoni, and tomatoes. you! grandmother has a fantastic recipe for moussaka, use local eggplants, tomatoes, and ground meat.
Talk to someone who knows local foods. You might ask a community gardener, farmer, or staff of a store that stocks local foods. The people who know the ingredients best often have great recipes to recommend
Put your growing knowledge of local foods to the test in one of the following ways. Whichever choice you do. invite Girl Scout friends. family, and maybe even your growing network of local food producers to enjoy your delicious creations with you-and give you tips for what to try next.
"Prepare a three-course meal. Make an appetizer or salad, entree, and dessert using locally grown food.
 "
Cook a dish starring something from scratch. Try making pasta or bread with local eggs and flour, or yogurt, cheese. or ice cream with local dairy. Then create a dish around that ingredient. For instance. pasta from scratch with local tomato sauce, or homemade bread with local jam.
Pretend you're a Girt Scout from 1920. Find out what foods can be canned. dehydrated, or repurposed. This way, you can keep it local all year, even in the dead of winter. Then try pickling, malting jams or jellies, drying fruit. or malting applesauce and apple butter. To learn about safe preserving techniques, go to the National Center for Home Food Preservation. (Girls canned to earn their Canner badge in 1920 and their Food Raiser badge in 1963-)



Find out how to perform triage  when several people are injured ! In a major emergency, more than one person may be injured and need your help.  In that case, you'll have to perform triage to figure out the order in which you treat the injured.
Interview emergency room doctors and nurses. Find out how they decide who to treat first when they have many people with injuries. Ask them to tell you how you could do the same thing. and then create a triage checklist to share with others.
Take a first aid course. Find one through your Girl Scout council, the Red Cross, or a community organization that teaches how to prioritize care for multiple victims with different types of injuries.
Talk to an emergency medical technician (EMT) or first responder.  Ask about an emergency situation they faced and how they decided whom to treat first in a situation with multiple victims. Ask them to tell you how you could do the same thing, and then create a triage  checklist.
Head and neck injuries require special care and can complicate CPR or rescue breathing. Find out about assisting victims until help arrives, including how to avoid making the  injury worse.  
Take a first aid course. Find one from the Red Cross or a community organization that covers head and neck injuries
Take lifeguarding course. Find one that covers head and neck injuries.
Talk to a professional. Ask a doctor. nurse or qualified first responder to show you how to care for head or neck injuries
Learn how to use everyday objects to make splints. If you're caught in a natural disaster or are in a remote location, you may have to improvise as you offer help to others. Research how to use common materials to make splints. then do one of the activities below.
Practice making splints at a meeting. Bring a variety of common materials-things you might have around the house or in your car-and set them up at stations around your Girl Scout meeting room. With your friends, divide into pairs and go to separate stations. Practice using the materials to make different kinds of splints. When you're finished, share what was easy and difficult about the exercise.
Ask an expert. Invite an emergency first responder to show you and your Senior friends how to make splints, then take turns trying it out. Ask your guest to give feedback on how well you did and tips for making a splint in the middle of an emergency situation.
Research how to make splints from everyday objects. Then ask your family to help you practice this skill in real life. Notice which objects are easiest to make into splints and which are the hardest. Ask your family to give you feedback about how well they think you did.
If someone has overdosed on drugs or had so much to drink that they're suffering from alcohol poisoning, that person's life could be in danger. Learn how to recognize the warning signs and how to care for the person until help arrives.
Interview a police officer. Find one who often deals with teen drug and alcohol emergencies.
Visit an emergency room. Interview a doctor, nurse, or EMT
Watch a presentation. Invite a qualified speaker to talk to your group by calling organizations such as Mothers Against Drunk Driving or Students Against Drunk Driving
When you can teach what you've learned, you know you're on the way to mastering a skill..
Give a presentation to younger Girl Scouts. If they're working on their First Aid badge, you may be able to help them complete a step by answering their questions. 
Talk to other teens. Tell them what you've learned about drug overdoses and alcohol poisoning. Offer tips on what they should do lithey have to deal with an emergency related to drugs or alcohol.
Share with your community. For example, you might volunteer to assist local agencies during a Disaster Preparedness Day event and to talk to community members about what you've learned.



Singing brings us all together and helps us feel connected. strong. and proud. Girl Scouts sing in special places or to mark special times-or sometimes just for the fun a fit! As a Senior. dig into the Girl Scout songs that have connected our Movement across time and space.
Add to the canon of Girl Scout songs! Find popular songs that convey something about the Girl Scout spirit, or write your own words to a pop song with a catchy beat. Teach it to your Senior sisters. then sing it together at a Girl Scout event
Trace the roots of traditional Girl Scout songs. Find three songs Girl Scouts like to sing from cultures around the world. Learn their history and how they changed as they passed from the original languages into English. Are the songs part of a traditional celebration? If you can, find out how each became a Girl Scout song. Then learn to sing the songs, teach them to a group of  younger Girl Scouts, and share what you learned about the songs
Preserve old Girl Scout songs. Reach out to Girl Scout alumnae who love to sing, and make recordings of them singing their favorite old songs. From the recordings and your time with these women, learn the songs and teach them to a group of younger Girl Scouts
"Girl Scout celebrations honor women and girls who change the
world. As a Senior. help younger Girl Scouts celebrate a special
day. Use your leadership skills to encourage leadership in a
younger group of girls, guiding them to turn their ideas and
imaginations into a successful event!"
Celebrate for the Girl Scout Way badge. As step 2 of their Girl Scout Way badges, each level of girls celebrates a different occasion: for Brownies, it's Juliette Gordon Low's birthday; for Juniors, it's the Girl Scout Birthday; and for Cadettes, it's Girl Scout Week. Review how each group can complete each step, and assist them in bringing their celebration to life. Think like the pros, and consult with the girls on their choices for fun themes, decorations, games, activities, and songsl
Help younger girls bridge up. Bridging ceremonies honor girls' growth and all they've learned and accomplished as Girl Scouts-and all they will do in the future! Help girls create a fun and meaningful bridging ceremony they'll always remember.
"Share in planning and carrying out a Scouts' Own. Use your experience to help girls make their ceremony even more special ~what tips and inspiration can you bring from your favorite ceremonies? How can you help add
even more passion, heart, and substance to the ceremony?"
"Sisterhood" doesn't just mean sisters in your family. All the girls and women who are Girl Scouts try to live by the Girl Scout Law. That's what unites us as a Girl Scout sisterhood. In your Senior badge. reflect on the Law's ten important lines. and share your thoughts and inspiration with your sisters.
Create your own list of laws tied to the Girl Scout Law. As a Senior, the world is opening up to you. As you head out to explore it, change it, and enjoy it, think about how you'll carry on the Girl Scout ways. Write out the lines of the Girl Scout Law, and under each write one specific commitment or action you want incorporate into your life. Share your list with your Girl Scout sisters, and discuss their ideas, too
Help define the Girl Scout Law. Sometimes it's hard to know exactly how to put the concepts of the Law into practice. For example, does "respecting authority" only mean following rules and laws? Does being courageous mean saving someone's life, or can it also mean standing up for what you believe in, even when others disagree? For each line of the Law, write some examples you've seen in your life-whether the actions were by Girl Scouts or by other leaders you respect. Then share your list with younger Girl Scouts, and ask for their ideas, tool
Focus on one line, and use it to expand sisterhood. For example, you might choose "respect myself and others," and share it by inviting members of women's groups at local places of worship to share their religious and cultural traditions with you and other Girl Scouts. Or you might choose "use resources Wisely," and invite a woman who works in waste management to share her recycling, composting, or water-saving tips with two different groups of Brownies that are both working on their Household Elf badge (where they learn to be clean and green) or their WOW! Journey (where they Learn to love and care for water). The goal is to bring sisters together through our Law.
It's the Girl Scout way to care about the world around us-whether it's a room, a campground. or the world. As a Senior. help protect: and promote your environment.
"Plant the seed of a Take Action project. Interview parks or community recreation staff about the biggest challenges and constraints they have in keeping their area clean and green. What issues could Girl Scouts help address-or what issues need innovative solutions? Brainstorm ideas that you or other Girl Scouts might put into action in Take Action projects for your It's Your Planet-Love It! Leadership Journeys. (You might use
strategies from your Social Innovator badge!) Keep your list as inspiration, and share it with other Girl Scouts. too."
 Beautify your environment. Work with a community arts council or local artists to organize and execute a mural, theme garden, or other large-scale art project on a council property, at your school, or an area building. Invite younger Girl Scouts to help come up with and create the project. Get permission first if your project is permanent
Leave the human "environment" better than you found it. For one week, make it your practice to leave the people you encounter feeling "better than you found them." Do at least one concrete action each day. Example activities might be: surprising yow parents by playing their favorite song on an instrument, making a point of telling your soccer teammates why you think each of them is a great player, addressing a friendship conflict. or baking homemade fortune cookies with fun messages inside and passing them out to classmates. 
"Traditions bring people together. A tradition can be a special food. a ceremony, a song-anything that's passed along through the years. Celebrate and share with others all that Girl Scouting does for girls, and help those traditions stay strong for another
100 years (and more!)."
Learn from famous Girt Scouts. Research the biographies of three famous Girl Scouts or Girl Guides in different professional fields. Know their  backgrounds, accomplishments, leadership qualities. and how their lives reflect the values of the Girl Scout Law. Share your stories about how Girl Scouting prepares girls for future success with parents of younger Girl Scouts and interested community members (perhaps those who've helped girls in your area with Leadership Journeys!).
Advance diversity. Talk with current or alumnae Girl Scouts, volunteers, or staff, or go online to get statistics and stories about diversity in the Girl Scouts. Then, take one action to help make the Girl Scouts an organization every girl has access to. Perhaps it's helping your volunteer team hold a "Get to Know Girl Scouts" night for families from diverse groups, or introducing kindergartners in an immigrant community to the Flower Friends.
Showcase your own traditions. First, watch The Golden Eaglet, a promotional film for the Girl Scouts made in 1918. Talk with your Senior friends about the similarities and differences in Girl Scouts now and then. Finally, make a three-minute film or digital slide show that shares your ideas about why Girl Scout traditions are important and how they benefit girls. Girls who see it might be inspired to get involved in the fun, friendship, and action!



"If you really want to see the night sky, use a telescope
(perhaps there's one at a local college or planetarium).
But first, learn the parts of a telescope and how to use one.
If possible, use a tracking telescope, or look through telescopes
with different magnifications"
Focus on the night sky. Identify 10 constellations and 8 noticeable stars, 5 of which are magnitude 1 or brighter. Learn how to find the North Star from the Big Dipper, and then how to use the North star to find north.
Host a star party. Organize a stargazing event for Girl Scout friends and family or  younger girls at camp. Bring a star chart and a flashlight (green or white works best, and the more focused the beam the better), Trace some constellations for your guests. Find bright patterns. such as the Big Dipper. then move on to other constellations. Can you find a planet? How about an artificial earth satellite.  Perhaps invite an astronomer to give insight. 
Investigate the colors of the sky. Take five photographs of the sky in different colors, and describe the science behind the colors you see, For instance. why is the sky blue? What makes up a rainbow? Why does the sun appear yellow from Earth and white from space? What makes the sunset red?
Now that you've spent some time enjoying the sky, get to know it on a more scientific level. Find out the basics about the sky, its atmosphere, planets, and weather.
Label a "Map of the Sky.   Chart the layers in the Earth's atmosphere, the mixture of gases and other materials that surround us.  Start with Earth's lowest layer.  What are the properties of each layer? What do they provide us? Which layers reflect radio waves, allowing radio signals to be sent around the Earth?  
Visit a planetarium or astronomical observatory. Take a guided tour of the sky.  Find out more of the astronomy behind planets, stars, and the solar system.   (For instance. if you watched constellations in step one, you could ask an expert about the formation of stars, supernovas, black holes  . . . 
Weather watch. For one day, track the weather and record the highest and lowest temperatures on Earth. Note extreme weather conditions. hurricanes, and twisters. Compare what you tracked to the forecast from the day before. Try to speak with a meteorologist about how weather is predicted and how often forecasts are accurate.
Our dream of flying dates act as far as humans exist. Prehistoric cave drawings depict winged men. In the 1500s, artist Leonardo da Vinci drew an ornithopter, an aircraft with wings designed to flap like a bird . Aviation pioneers contributed ideas that led to airplane flight and rocket launches.
Explore air traffic control. Interview an air traffic controller or take a tour of an air traffic facility. You might listen online to air traffic controllers transmitting  live. Find out how they direct planes, what controlled and uncontrolled  airspace means, and the type of radar they use.
Build a model plane. rocket. or space exploration vehicle. Get a kit or use whatever you have around. Explain the scientific principles that governed your design  (Girl Scouts earning their Aerospace badge in 1980 had to make a glider fly straight, stall,  loop. bank right and  bank left)
Track a current space mission. Research NASA online to check the launch schedule for an upcoming mission and follow the mission for a week. What's the purpose of the mission? How is the information recorded and sent back to Earth? Check the mission's website for updates. Compile a log based on information you collect and your personal insights.
Take a look at the pollution in our skies and on other planets and find out what you can do.
Explore air pollution. Most pollution is caused by fossil fuels: burning coal, oil and gasoline from power plants, furnaces, and cars. Interview an ecologist or environmentalist to find out what preventative measures really work. Do tall smokestacks on industrial plants keep pollutants away from humans? What is ground-level ozone? What do aerosols do to the ozone layer? Once your research is done, share your recommendations for the five best ways people can reduce air pollution
Explore light pollution. Find out if your community or state has laws regulating industrial lighting. Then, look into the causes and effects of light pollution. You might consider the composition of the sun, its relationship to other stars, and its effect on Earth. Or explore sunspots and describe the effects they have on solar radiation, or the way pollution affects astronomy. When your research is done, share your recommendations for the five most effective things people can do to help with light pollution.
"Chart climate change. Visit NASA's website to track a satellite that gives a global view of developments on our planet. Chart how Earth's climate system changes from week to week. Track climate change for eight weeks and document what you find. Monitor key indicators: sea level, carbon dioxide concentration, global surface temperature, arctic sea ice, and land
ice. Share what you find."
"Now that you've taken an expansive tour of the sky, use your
inspiration to explore and create your own sky art."
Make sky art.  This might be a scale mobile of planes, a sky or a constellation  mural or map, or a series of photographs showing the changing sky throughout the day. Create something that will celebrate the wonders of the sky and share it in a presentations, exhibit or tour.
Share sky stories from ancient to modern cultures. Remember Chicken Little, the chicken who believed the sky was falling? In the original fable, the chicken was a hare. An Australian tale tells about a morning star named Bamumbirr who was so bright. people asked her to come out so they could see better. Bu she was afraid of drowning and refused to go with them. So they tied a string around her, which is why she cannot rise high and sticks close to the horizon. The Anishinabe culture of central North America passed on stories of Grandmother Moon, who dwells in the heavens near her daughter, Mother Earth, and Grandfather Sun, who brings the morning light to his children. Collect five more tales of the sky and share them,
Write your own story of the northern and southern lights. Perhaps the mos mythologized event in the sky is the appearance of the northern and southern lights, ghostly waves of red, blue, and green. Cultures that witnessed the lights came up with many interpretations: The Fox Indian tribes of Wisconsin feared the lights were slain enemies. Scandinavian fishermen saw hem as a sign of rich catches. Some Chinese believed a fire-breathing dragon caused them. Find photos of these amazing lights. then write your own story about their significance. Make it a bedtime or campfire story to share with younger girls.




Before figuring out how to get somewhere, you first need to know where you want to go. Spend an afternoon thinking about your dreams and goals. What do you imagine yourself doing in 10 years? How about 20 or even 30 years from now? Write down all of the intriguing careers you come up with, and then narrow your list down to the top three. Next, find out what types of education are required for each career.
Research role models. Do your own research both online and at your local library. Start by picking a successful person in each of your careers, and research how they got their start. Pay attention to their educational background.
Get guidance. Schedule a meeting with a guidance counselor at your school. Ask them to supply you with resources (such as books, magazines, and websites) that will help you research the educational requirements for your three careers.
Pool your knowledge.  Team up with your friends to maximize your effort! Compile a group list of all the educational institutions and careers you want to look into and divide up. Do research on your own, then get back together to share your information. Create a group report that outlines everything you've learned.
There are lots of options when you're considering higher education: the school's location, the kind of programs it offers, what campus life is like, and so on. Fill in the checklist (on page 4) to help guide your thoughts.
Do this with a friend. Make a checklist on your own and talk with a friend to figure out what features are most important to you.
Fill in your checklist with a family member or a Girl Scout adult. What advice can they give based on their experiences? When they chose a school or training program, what were some things that they thought would be important that turned out to not really matter?
Set up a meeting with a guidance counselor to complete your checklist. To best use your time with the counselor, take the time to create a list of questions about your possible careers and higher-education options you might have.
When shopping for jeans, you don't just pick the first pair off the rack. You try on several pairs to find the perfect fit at the right price. Picking your educational path after high school follows the same principle. In this step, you'll research three schools or training programs that interest you. Along with confirming that each is a good fit based on your future goals, you need to research the costs to see how they work with your budget.
A great debate. After researching your educational picks, discuss them with two friends who know you well and aren't afraid to ask you to justify your decisions. Spend at least 15 minutes analyzing the pros and cons of each option. Then randomly pick the choices out of a hat, and hold a 20-minute debate in which each of you must defend your pick as the best. Remember, you don't have to end up with a clear winner-having two or even three great choices is a good problem.
Visualize your future. Start by gathering stacks of material for each choice, including brochures, website printouts, course guides, and even pictures of things like the campus or facilities. Use these materials to create a colorful poster for each choice. Hang the posters up and give a "tour" of each one to friends or family members, explaining in detail all the items on each poster, the cost per semester and financial aid options for each choice, and your thoughts about each one. Notice when you feel yourself becoming more enthusiastic-that could be a clue about which school is right for you!
Circular logic. Spend at least an hour researching each of your three choices, including costs. Once you've got solid information on each one (like cost per semester, cost of books, room, and board), gather your Girl Scout friends in a circle. Explain your choices ind detail, and then go around the circle and ask each girl to give a pro and con for each choice. After you've gone around the circle three times, open things up to a general discussion about everyone's post-high-school plans.
It's common to get some form of financial aid to pay for continuing education. This aid can come in the form of grants, student loans, or work-study programs. Or it could be a scholarship, ranging from the dream of an all-expenses-paid "full-ride" to smaller but still very helpful scholarships that might pay for room and board or books.
Find different types of aid. Go online to the U.S. Department of Education or to your high school guidance office and find out the different types of financial aid available to you. Make a list of the terms you learn about and the types of financial aid that might work for you and your family. Find out the average amount of school loans that you might qualify for.
Scholarship research. Earning great grades and being a top athlete are two of the best-known scholarship paths. Do some research, though, and you'll be amazed at the array of other scholarship opportunities available. Using all resources available (your guidance counselor, library, the Internet, etc.), create a list of at least five scholarships that you could apply for in the years to come.
Expert advice. Talk to a financial aid expert at a college or trade school. Set up an appointment-either in person or on the phone-to learn all you can about financial aid, requirements for different kinds of loans, application deadlines, and so on. Afterward, create a report that can be shared with friends.
Now it's time to share your future educational goals by building a blueprint of your future. High school graduation may be a couple of years away, but you need to start laying the groundwork now. That might mean keeping a file of useful scholarships, earning better grades, or starting to save money. But those are just examples! Make your own plan of what you need to do to get ready with one of these choices.
Create a giant timeline. Use a large roll of paper, create a narrow poster that's at least six feet long and tape it onto a free wall. Write down each month from now until your high school graduation along the poster. Start filling in the timeline with key dates and goals, ranging from months you'll need to send in scholarship forms to personal goals, like raising your grade point average.
Write an inspiring essay. Putting your dreams and goals down on paper is a good way to clarify them for yourself and give you a concrete goal to shoot for. Write an essay about what you'd like to do with your life and what kind of education that will require. Get specific about the steps you need to take to get that education. Share your essay with friends and family, and ask for their advice and feedback. Remember, this essay is just one path you might take-you can change the route if your dreams change! However, simply having a possible future mapped out will help you reach your goal.
Go to your guidance counselor. A guidance counselor's job is to help students plan for the future, but it's up to you to take full advantage of that. Create a list of 10 things you need to do each school year between now and high school graduation to meet your goals. Be sure to include at least two financial items per year. Then review your lists with your guidance counselor for their feedback and support.



"To start, you need to pick a major purchase to research. Here
are some ideas: a cell phone with a monthly plan, a car with car payments. or a house with mortgage payments. However, anything that requires you to pay over time-whether it's a refrigerator or a new computer-qualifies as a big purchase, so if there's something else you'd like to research, go for it! Once you've picked your item, start researching features to see how they change the overall costs. With a car, for example, this could mean ranking things like size, fuel economy, horsepower, and maintenance costs."
Build your own. Is your item featured on an official website, like the home page of a cell phone provider or car company? If so, visit the site to see what type of research tools are available. You may be able to add and subtract various options to see how the price changes. Play around with different options to create three different versions of the item, from least to most expensive. Review the options with a family member, and explain which version you would choose and why.
Contrast and compare. Perhaps there are three mobile phones you're interested in, or maybe you can't make up your mind between two different makes of car. If that's the case, use this step to contrast and compare your options. Create a chart that directly compares at least 10 key features, including starting costs and monthly fees. Use catalogs, magazines, and websites to do research. Review your chart with a friend or family member. and talk about which choice you would make and why. (Remember, you don't really have to buy anything.)
Go shopping! Visit a place-such as a car dealership or cell phone store that sells the item you're researching. Ask a salesperson questions about all the available features of the item, and take notes so you can fill in a comparison chart later. Be upfront when you talk to the salesperson, and let him or her know that you're just doing research. After leaving, fill out your chart, and review your findings with a friend or family member
Taking time to fully research a big purchase can save you money. More importantly, doing research can also save you from making a mistake. whether it's a minor issue like choosing the wrong options or a major one like picking a poor product to begin with.
Interview owners, Find at least three people who have made a similar purchase in the recent past. Find out what key selling points convinced them to go through with the purchase. What features did they think were most important before buying' What features turned out to be most important after they started using it? Finally, be sure to find out how happy they are with their decision, and ask if they would have done anything differently if they could go through the purchase process again.
Read expert reviews. Search through magazines and the Internet to find at least three expert reviews of your item, These reviews should be relatively long and detailed, After reading them, create a list of five pros and five cons on your item based on what the reviewers wrote.
Research customer reviews. If you can buy your item online, then there's probably a wealth of customer reviews for you to rely on. Read at least 20 customer reviews, making sure to read both positive and negative ones. Discuss what you learned with a friend or family member, and talk about whether or not the reviews changed your mind about what you would buy.  
People rarely buy expensive items like a car or home outright instead, they give a down payment. and then pay the rest off in monthly installments. When buying a home, for example. a lender usually requires a down payment of20 percent of the home's total cost. The remaining 80 percent goes into a mortgage that you pay off monthly-for 85 long as 30 years! Even something like a cell phone, which can be free or come at a heavily discounted rate, still has monthly costs. Calculate the long-term costs of your item by choosing one of the following options.
Speak with a salesperson. Whether it's a car salesperson, an electronics store employee, or a real-estate agent, there's an expert out there who knows the ins and outs of purchasing your item. Ask them to outline all your payments, particularly those after your first down payment. Are there any hidden fees or charges you didn't think of?
Maximize your down payment. When buying a particularly expensive item like a car or a house, you can sometimes choose how much your down payment will be. The more money you pay up front, the less money (and interest) you'll pay each month. However, sometimes it actually makes more sense financially to pay less up front and make larger monthly payments. To understand the importance of finding the right down payment, invite a mortgage or car loan expert to speak to your group. Be sure to ask them about the potential dangers of getting a loan with no down payment.
Calculate the true cost of buying over time. Always beware of any deal that seems too good to be true, particularly when it comes to "no money down" offers. While it might feel great to walk into a store and take home a new computer or fridge without putting any money down, you could end up paying a whole lot more over time. Research three items you could pay for over time, such as a computer, a refrigerator, or a washing machine. Create a chart that lists the price of the item, the interest rate, and the total cost if you paid for the item over three months, six months, or a year.
" When considering a major purchase, it's often a good idea to
research ways that you can buy it for less. For example. you might be able to pick up a slightly used version for a fraction of the cost or you may find out that there are times when the item tends to go on sale. and wait to buy it then. Pick a choice below to investigate alternative options for making your big purchase"
Look into buying used. Did you know that the moment you drive a new car off the lot, its value can drop by as much as 20 percent? That's because technically it's no longer a new car. Research your item on the used market, using classified ads, online auction sites, and any other sources you can find. Find at least five used options for sale, then compare them with each other and with a new item. Discuss with a friend or family member whether you think buying used is a good idea.
Research sales cycles. Can you wait a month or more to get a better deal? You might be able to save lots of money by researching sales cycles. Department stores often hold their sales over long holiday weekends, while seasonal products like outdoor grills or ski equipment often go on sale toward the end of their season. Find three locations where your item is being sold, and create a yearlong chart for each that includes all major sales. Is there a best time to buy your product?
Use the power of the Internet. Shopping online lets you compare and contrast hundreds of different items and retailers with just a few clicks of a button. Find the exact item you are looking for on at least five different sites. What kind of price differences do you find? Can you find any additional online specials or discount codes for each site that give you an even better deal?
"Now it's time to figure out a plan that will let you make your big
purchase. Even if you don't plan on ever actually purchasing
the item you're researching, completing this step will teach you
budget skills that you can use the rest of your life. Try filling out
the worksheet on page 6 to help you frame your savings plan."
"Short-term savings plan: Is your item something you could save up for in the next few months? Create a plan that lets you save the money needed to put a down payment on your item or buy it outright. If you will be making monthly payments, make a detailed plan you can put into action
the moment you bring your item home. Share your plan with a family member or financial expert, and ask for feedback about whether your plan is realistic. If it's not, ask for tips on adjusting it."
"Medium-term savings plan: If you think you need a year to save for the item you want for yourself or your family, create a plan that will help you reach your goal. Since you have longer to save, you might want to consider ways to increase your income over this period. For example, could you get a part-time job with the goal of saving everything you make toward buying your item? Are there certain times of the year when it's easier to get a temporary job (for example, stores often hire extra sales help during the holiday season). Share your plan with a family member or financial expert,
and ask for feedback about whether your plan is realistic. If it's not, ask for tips on adjusting it."
Long-term savings plan: If you're saving for something really big, you may need a long-term plan that will take several years to carry out. First, figure out how much you think you can realistically save each month, then determine how long it will take you to reach your goal. If the time frame seems too long, think about ways you could increase your monthly savings, either by cutting back on what you spend or by earning more money. Share your plan with a family member or financial expert, and ask for feedback about whether your plan is realistic. If it's not, ask for tips on adjusting it. 





Read at least five job descriptions, and make a list of requirements that you meet as a result of your experience selling cookies. For example most employers look for people who are organized, self-starting, and good at communicating. Then write a resume that shows how you have demonstrated these abilities as part of the cookie sale. 

A resume tells someone what you've done. A portfolio shows examples of your work. Your portfolio may include marketing pieces you developed for your cookie sales, a DVD with videos that you made, a script you wrote for a presentation, or photos of your cookie booth or events you organized around the cookie sale. 
Get feedback about how to market yourself for a job or college interview.
Share your cookie resume and cookie portfolio. Show it to a guidance counselor, college admissions officer, businessperson, or hiring manager at a company. Ask for advice on improving them in order to tell your story the most compelling way possible. 
Write an essay about what you learned from the cookie sale.
You can use this for a college application or for a cover letter when applying for a job. Before you send it out, ask for feedback from your family, friends, or teachers, then revise as often as necessary to make your words sparkle. 

Whether you're applying for college or a job, you can use your cookie sales experience to set yourself apart from other candidates. With the help of an expert, such as a businessperson, hiring manager, or college admissions officer, write a list of questions that could be asked in an interview. You can also research common questions by reading one of the many books about how to go on an interview. Write down answers to these questions that showcase your cookie sales experience. (You may want to spend some time on this in order to hone your answers until they are crisp and clear.



 One way to encourage repeat business is to make customers feel that they're part of something bigger. Create a poster, flyer, video, or presentation about where cookie money goes, including financial aid and cookie credits for girls, program activities and services for members, and camp or property improvements. Then share this information with customers.

Making a personal connection with customers keeps them coming back-and there's nothing more personal than talking to someone who sold Girl Scout Cookies herself. Engage customers in conversation by creating a cookie timeline poster for your booth that shows images of girls selling cookies from the 1950s to the present. (You may want to check websites for free historical images and graphics. If you aren't selling at a booth, you could make a flyer or slide show that's small enough to be emailed to customers. 

Collect e-mail addresses from your customers, and create an email distribution list for updates and news about your cookie sales. (You could also collect phone numbers and create a text distribution list if some of your customers prefer texts to emails.) Take notes when possible about each customer. For example, you could note the customer's favorite cookie, whether she's a former Girl Scout, whether she likes buying cookie boxes to give as gifts, and so on. 
Create a customer-appreciation program.
Think about ways that you can thank your customers for supporting you through the cookie sale. Perhaps you can send each one a handwritten note (you can use any information you have collected about your customers to personalize the notes.) Or maybe you'd like to create a fun thank you slide show or video and email it to your customers. You can also brainstorm with your Senior friends about how to show your appreciation-maybe you'd like to team up and invite all your customers to an open house, where you'd make presentations about how you'll use your cookie money. 
Keep your customer connection going all year
Stay in touch with customers to let them know what you're doing with your cookie money, how your projects are progressing, and of course, when the next cookie sale is scheduled. Create a timeline for when you will have news to share. For example, if you're planning to finance a trip with some of your cookie money, you may share photos a week after the trip is finished, and you may want to remind customers about the next sale a month ahead of time. 
