"The Watering Can Award represents girls being ''responsible for what I say and do.'' Girls earn the award by caring for their mini-garden and beginning to understand how the Promise and Law play out in their daily lives.
"
The Golden Honey Bee Award represents taking action through a gardening effort for others to make the world a better place. The award is named for Honey, the bee who is one of the Daisy Flower Garden characters.
The Amazing Daisy Award represents knowing—and living—the Promise and Law, just like Amazing Daisy, the main character of the journey.





"This first award encourages girls to become aware of their feelings and the feelings of those around them. It also encourages them to develop good relationship skills: for negotiating and compromising to resolve conflicts, and for being considerate and caring to others.
To earn the award, the girls: 
· tell one another aobut their feelings and the feelings of those around them.
· take part in role-playing activities that encourage them to resolve conflicts, negotiate, and be considerate to others.
"
"This second award is earned as the Daisies recognize and develop their skills and then choosea  skill they will educate and inspire others about. By making an effort that moves beyond themselves, the girls begin to realize the impact that they can have on others around them.
To earn the award, the girls: 
·Think about and talk about their own skills and those of their sister Daisies.
· Choose a skill that they can teach others, either at home or in their community."
"Girls earn this third award as they team up to protect a natural treasure in their region. The award is named for flower friend Clover, who helps preserve the natural habitat of Alaska by convincing her cousin White Sweetclover to leave the state so that its natural vegetation can flourish.
To earn the award, the girls: 
·learn about and commit to protecting a natural treasure in their region.
·educate and inspire others in their community to join with them to protect the local treasure, too."





"What it means for Daisies: They can say: ""Animals need care; I need care. I can do both.""
How Daisies earn it: They name one way they can care for animals and one way they can care for themselves."
"What it means for Daisies: They can use their new knowledge and creativity to teach others how to care for animals.
How Daisies earn it: They choose animal care tips to share with others then tell this ""story of animal care"" in a creative way with a Red Robin Project."
"What it means for Daisies: They have gained courage and confidence in teaching others about animal care.
How Daisies can earn it: They share with one another the good feelings they experienced as they taught others in their community about animal care."

